Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: So I have a bit of a long injure tonight. Oh, before we start, just to confirm next session is August 20. Fourth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong: Question, is there any possibility to do the twenty-third?
Mike Sackton: Let me think so. I think it's fine for me. Let me just check my calendar. I think it's fine for me. Is that a witch? Thanks. It's
Timothy Sackton: complicated for so
Timothy Sackton: it might not be impossible. But
Timothy Sackton: I'm so we're in. We're in pi. With Kate's parents.
Timothy Sackton: I'm flying home on Thursday. like.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. I guess I mean, it's a little different. It's pretty difficult for me.
David Kong: Yeah, you're you're allowed to say, I'm out of town. I can't do it.
David Kong: Okay, yeah. Basically. The the
David Kong: my thing is II leave for burning man on the 20 sixth. and
David Kong: actually Chucky Eric is coming to burning man to face for the first time he gets in on the 20 fourth. So almost certainly that night we're gonna be like
David Kong: having to deal with a whole bunch of fucking bullshit. So so I so we could keep that day, and I could just be like a a maybe, and if I if it like logistics, all works out that I could join. But you. Then, you know, you guys could just kind of proceed without me, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like, you're
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
David Kong: So I'm I'm a maybe for that night. Basically.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: can we? Can we schedule something else
Timothy Sackton: later in September? Then, just so that we have something in the calendar.
Timothy Sackton: It's scheduling is starting to get quite challenging.
Timothy Sackton: I feel like, and I think you know
Timothy Sackton: what. So what are people? What is what is September looking like? When do you get back on
David Kong: just I get back to Boston
David Kong: after September like 10,
David Kong: and I'm pretty pretty chill for a stretch. Few weeks. I go to India like on the
David Kong: 20 s, maybe.
David Kong: So, yeah, something like between the like, I don't know if you guys are free, like, sometime between like the tenth and the twenty-onest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Russia. The only if we could avoid Friday, Saturday, because that's Russia. I'm not sure if we'll be doing, we'll probably be doing something, but any week, any
Mike Sackton: any any day, between the eleventh and the 20 first works for me, except the fifteenth or sixteenth.
David Kong: It's good for me.
Timothy Sackton: Schwartz.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  Eleventh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fifteenth. Oh, no, not fifteenth for Mike.
Mike Sackton: it! I might be able to do the fifteenth. I just. We haven't really talked about what we're doing for us? It doesn't. It feels like better to stay away. I don't wanna have to like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): eighteenth and nineteenth are okay for me. Also.
Mike Sackton: eighteenth would be slightly better for me than the eleventh, just because I'm playing my other Dnd game on the tenth. And it's
Timothy Sackton: can I? Just can I ask, though, like, if if we end up paying 3 HA month. II don't think I can do that. We have to play more than that for this to be sustainable.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, this is this, we base this last year in the year before, too, like, well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we can get there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would appreciate creative ideas for us to have more than 3 HA month to play.
David Kong: What's our problem in September?
Timothy Sackton: Well, our problem in September is, I think, is, I guess you well. so, but I guess we could do the eighteenth.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have any other days in this September
Mike Sackton: if we're trying to do something in
Mike Sackton: wait. September.
David Kong: Yeah, I'm only in India from like the twenty-first to the twenty-fifth. Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the probably that has become the issue, because.
Eric Rosenbaum: like the session in August that we scheduled last time.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just
Eric Rosenbaum: let's keep things change around that makes it harder.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, we don't have a lot of flexibility to like reschedule things. It feels like, so
David Kong: yeah, well, we we're we're we're doing the eighteenth right?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's why don't we put the eighteenth in the calendar.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I mean schedulings.
Mike Sackton: Scheduling is likely to get trickier. There's probably
Timothy Sackton: periods where it's gonna be hard to get as many games as well. If it all. If there's if we can play once a month.
Mike Sackton: could we play for longer?
Timothy Sackton: Right? I mean 3 HA month is not enough time to have an actual campaign right? Like we could do one shot. We could play malar. This campaign is not gonna go one to 20, if only playing 3 HA month. I'm gonna get sick of running it before you know, I'm 50. Right? So right
Timothy Sackton: like, I, wanna right, I wanna move. I wanna like I mix enjoying this a lot. But I'm
Timothy Sackton: I'm not. I don't wanna run this campaign for another 5 years.
Mike Sackton: Well, let's not. Let's
Timothy Sackton: let's we don't need to talk about this. Now, I just
Mike Sackton: yeah, like.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Like, if we stuck plays, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Sundays from
Timothy Sackton: 3 to 10 or something like, I don't know. There has to be something that's different than
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: and I mean, I know people are busy right, but like
Timothy Sackton: I put a like, I spend a ton of time on this, and I enjoy it. I'm not complaining less, but at the time
Timothy Sackton: it's just really hard to keep it going
Timothy Sackton: like it's been really hot. We've had a really long stretch of not having consistent sessions
Timothy Sackton: like since.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: like it's tough, right? Cause, you know. New Hampshire was great. Like. Nobody forgot what was happening. We could like play for
Timothy Sackton: a while. We could play a whole adventure without spending half of our time recapping and discussing.
Timothy Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: there's different. There's different things we could do if we can only get, you know. a few hours a month we could play one shots. We could play a much simpler campaign. We could play something that doesn't have so much plot.
Timothy Sackton: But II don't know. I I'm feeling
Timothy Sackton: I'm I'm struggling a bit with
Timothy Sackton: you know how to make this work
Timothy Sackton: right like.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what about eleventh and eighteenth and September
David Kong: that works for me.
Mike Sackton: I could probably make that work. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean.
Mike Sackton: it's yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: usual. I may occasionally leave the house, but otherwise
Timothy Sackton: okay, I'll put those both in. And you know we can.
Timothy Sackton: We can see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: Let's play now, cause like, you know, I wanna play right. And the 20 Fourth will just run with whoever's here.
David Kong: I mean, I should be able to make it. It's just like I, you know. I'll I'll try. I'll try my very, very best to make it.
David Kong: It's gonna be fun.
II think it's I mean, I'm just.
Timothy Sackton: It's fine. I'm just
Timothy Sackton: the the difference between like the how nice it was to run in Alexandria, and then like
Timothy Sackton: these really chopped up sessions is
David Kong: no, for sure, you know, I mean again, I think it's like we'll we'll just try our best. You know what I mean scheduled enough. Then we we shift gears, you know. I mean, we're all we're all doing our best, you know. I know. I know. I know. I appreciate that.
David Kong: I mean, obviously, like you put in so much time and effort and love into this. And if we're not able to play enough, then. Yeah, well, let's switch gears, you know. So this is.
David Kong: you know it all. It always what it is like. We'll we'll flow with it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. thanks, guys.
Timothy Sackton: I put those on the calendar. Let's let's jump back in now to
Timothy Sackton: d
Timothy Sackton: cold, snowy forests of Vostok. As the winter sun sinks towards the horizon a short distance out from Toland.
Timothy Sackton: 3 days ago, on December 20 fifth, he left Pila. bidding full farewell to the grateful scare as they prepared to warn the dead.
Timothy Sackton: and pray for Kiki's guidance, and choosing a new priest of the waters to repair and re-sink by the temple, as thanks for your aid. The scare have gifted you with 5 pounds of good on work, scarce steel.
Timothy Sackton: a full larder of dried fish, pickled calp, fresh bread, smoked lamb and yogurt. or large pearls, one for each of you. and a piece of ice of blessed oyster shell which allows you to cast the divination spell once.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and also Kong, if you search on the end to be on, there's some ocean key for you to have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  epic.
Timothy Sackton: You left the scar on pile, after destroying the scepter of command in the holy waters in Fed Eye. First, though you have to kill, ergo the black, the cursed undead
Timothy Sackton: pirate captain who attacked the Holy Island some months ago. and the demonic entity corrupting the sacred waters allowed through from the abyss by Earle's rituals of desecration.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're on your way back to Toland to reconnect
Timothy Sackton: with contacts and gather information. Melinda, the Alvin Ambassador from Orange, is expecting a dinner invitation. Guy Marshawn Wellby's mapmaker friend is expecting to connect you with the student, Sarah de Grey. Only the exile a Stone board. Smith likely has news for deal with about his shadow breastplate.
Timothy Sackton: and Kenza has a letter letter from Cecilia Lister, the tattoo artist.
Timothy Sackton: requesting the student Escobar to offer aid and guidance at the University.
Timothy Sackton: and as you approach Tollen, you recall that tomorrow starts the 3 day long end of Year festival called
Timothy Sackton: Pyravela, an ancient holiday of mass, Numa, dedicated to the word length that involves parades, public fees, celebrations.
Timothy Sackton: as well as dancing, as well as a night of bonfires on December 30. First, that are said to bring dreams and prophecy
Timothy Sackton: elsewhere. As you travel, spending your time copying out numbers in various orders and
Timothy Sackton: using a lot of seekers parchment to do so. News has trickled in, as well from scrying in from messages from sending
Timothy Sackton: in Zirkos. Grosha's army, Undead Army is, have been besieging the city of who is Guitar? Who's good car for 10 days now?
Timothy Sackton: But you hear from Rizmann of the glorious first day before Gross realized what was in store, when hundreds upon hundreds of zombies burned in the holy fire of the Bau.
Timothy Sackton: Unfortunately Grosch learned his lasting and retreated, and settling in for a long siege.
Timothy Sackton: A few days ago siege weapons appeared on the horizon, and while no undead army can enter the city.
Timothy Sackton: bombardment over the past 2 days has done damage to the walls
Timothy Sackton: and the buildings in the center of this guitar.
Timothy Sackton: This morning Marouk and Risvin read a led a sortie, aided by a David messenger of the bars, out, called forth by rismin and burned a dozen catapults.
Timothy Sackton: It'll take time for grass to rebuild, and for now the city is quiet.
Timothy Sackton: although Grosch does not seem inclined to leave while Lubash remains hidden inside the palace of the cloak
Timothy Sackton: on the plains of Dunmar. The battle of Tokra was fought on December fourteenth
Timothy Sackton: Thur and her forces defeated the Turdonian battle mages along with the remnant of Carnes's army. Although she suffered heavy casualties.
Timothy Sackton: Now Hovde rides west to Sangara to fortify the border with Jardin against reprisals that are likely to come, while Sir rides south under banners of truce to make her winter camp and protect the southern border. Meanwhile Carnes North, bringing with him Johar, has a hostage and spreading news. That, sir, is the servant of an evil hag.
Timothy Sackton: A few days ago, on December 20. First Sarah sent a message to you, wishing you the blessings of Songkar on the Day of Atonement, and now, with the Holy, the Holy month of the Dunbari calendar beginning. There will be
Timothy Sackton:  between now and the Festival of the Sun on January 20 s.
Timothy Sackton: There will be no fighting among the Dunbar. A.
Timothy Sackton: So you have a month of peace at least not quite a month in Chardon. Faustus Tower remains a blank wall, and possible to perceive via sky. but fast himself does travel, and yesterday afternoon dealt with spotted him, wandering the slums north of chaos of the Chaser River, apparently looking for something or someone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: north of where?
Timothy Sackton: What?
Timothy Sackton: He was wondering where, north on the like, in the in the slums of Chartin, North River bank, where Kenza Kenza grew up.
Timothy Sackton: you see him again later, leading a pair of seemingly sickly and drunken men, their arms scarred with purple lines towards his tower.
Mike Sackton: The next bad dude
Timothy Sackton: few days he seems to spend holed up in his tower with some careful scrying. You manage to get a few glimpses of the exterior. It seems to me we're receiving visitors.
Timothy Sackton: 4 people you don't recognize entering with servants carrying chests
Timothy Sackton: and leaving alone and empty-handed what might be happening in the tower you cannot tell  now. with a few hours to sunset, and
Timothy Sackton: you know about half an hour till you arrive in Toland itself. Why don't you all describe your characters and what you're doing on the skyship at this moment.
Timothy Sackton: and then you can have half an hour to discuss what you're gonna do in Tolin in in character preferably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Sam, really quick! Where is the ocean key on the the character sheet?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I think you have to add it. If you go to
Timothy Sackton: manage inventory, manage inventory, and search
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ocean key. I see it. Okay, I got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're what. So we're flying over this this. You're flying over this. You're just about to get to Tolani.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so we'll be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is in the map room. He couldn't wait long enough
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to have the whole interior of the ship fitted out, or whatever it is. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on one wall that may eventually become a whole room. He's working to reproduce the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): world map that we have
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on a scale that's about 8 or 10 feet tall, going back and forth between a variety of smaller charts that he has with compasses and rulers, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plenty of extra paper to do the scale measurements, and in between. Exactly. No, an animated rope ladder
Eric Rosenbaum: laughs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he's in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, all, all of 3 feet tall, in halfling traveling clothes, with knee breeches and a shirt with sleeves pushed up past the elbow, and an increasingly
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): large number of ink stains up and down his arms, and sometimes close in floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's awesome. Sticker is in his
Eric Rosenbaum: brand-new Tolin! Red
Eric Rosenbaum: traveling cloak!
Eric Rosenbaum: Which the sharp cleanness of which contrasts with his hair and beard, which are now splayed out in all directions. As you can see, he's put his entire focus into the books and shreds of parchment arrayed all around him in a circle, filling the room that he's in
Eric Rosenbaum: as he sort of consults different books in different places, shuffles paper around furiously, scribbling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: a floating pen also scribbles to his commands.
Mike Sackton: Are we like we're approaching tollen like we can see it?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, dealt with
Mike Sackton: as we're approaching.
Mike Sackton: you know, has spent a lot of the time watching right like he spent a lot of the trip since
Mike Sackton: we left
Mike Sackton: the Scare Islands like looking out at the coastline.
Mike Sackton:  seeming content not, you know, not
Mike Sackton: a despondent looking out, but just like interested in observing. And
Mike Sackton: but as we approach Tollen, you see he
Mike Sackton: fez mutters a few sort of prayers under his breath and fingers the feather that he wears in his hair and out from his shield spring! These 2
Mike Sackton: links that kind of float through the air, and they fly down into the ocean and come back with fish.
Mike Sackton: and then a couple of hours later, they fly over the you know the
Mike Sackton: part of it the shore, and come back with honey and and you know some grains and and things. Then
Mike Sackton: Dallas is sort of
Mike Sackton: taking this food that they're gathering and
Mike Sackton: sort of rummaging about and pulling things that sort of working on preparing
Mike Sackton: some preparations for, let's say, a dinner
Mike Sackton: or other, you know de doing a little bit of decorating and sweeping and deal with it sometimes. Very
Mike Sackton: homey, you know. He'll he'll sweep, sweep the patio, and you know he'll sort of he sort of enjoys housework a little bit at times. Feel. Notice him, you know, cleaning every you know.
Mike Sackton: making everything kind of spic and span, and dusting off the tents, and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does he do our laundry? Yeah. So I was just gonna say, he takes people's cloaks and is beating them. And you know.
Mike Sackton: getting them nice and clean and just, you know, making sure we're all very presentable when we host our shindig for for the toll. And
people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the guy.
Mike Sackton: he said, that stops in and looks at what seeker is doing, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know.
Mike Sackton: helps with the abyssal here and there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have we been traveling on the airship back
Timothy Sackton: like 3 days. Roughly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. Kenzo has spent almost the entire time, with the exception of of, you know, kind of breaking fast to to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to eat
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tending to the garden at the center of the ship. And so what you notice he'd been doing kind of in general is as we land. He'll kind of look around, and as he's kind of engaging with with the plant life and the floor and the fauna, he'll he'll kind of sometimes find, like like interesting objects, like rocks or small little plants, or something like that, and start kind of bringing them on board to the ship and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we were with the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we're with the kaikia on the islands in particular. So after after the that kind of key moment when you know, Kenzo kind of delivered the the the killing blow to the the scepter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza like like found like a series of really beautiful kind of rocks from the shore, and has been bringing all of those and arranging them in kind of a really a really beautiful kind of design. At the at this kind of center garden that we've been slowly, that collectively cultivating and and the other major thing that Kenza has been doing as you've been tending to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He you see him kind of sitting down and in meditation with his staff. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you notice there's kind of different, like strands of like light and energy that are are kind of going up and down the staff, like as he meditates over time. And basically, what he's doing is, you know, just kind of both in game out of game. You you're you're aware,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know Kenzo is now has been learning how to channel different kinds of key as he's as the adventure has gone on. And so he is spending just time just tuning basically kind of reaching out to the storm. Giant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kind of spending time in that with that energy. And you'll notice when he does that this kind of orange, you know yellowish strands kind of going up the his staff as he's as he's in meditation there. And he spent a lot of time in in meditation. With the the ocean key from?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just from the kaika and the staff kind of lighting up in a shimmery blue as he's been sitting. So he's kind of been going back and forth training, focusing on these different sources of key and then and then tending to the the lovely garden that is continuing to blossom.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, all while wearing a a hot red tolling cloak which he has traded for. When we are in toll so as you approach Tolan now, about
Timothy Sackton: half an hour from arriving at the docks, and I'm correct that you are like dragging this ruin to pirate ship behind. Right? Okay.
Timothy Sackton: kind of hanging underneath the ship. Actually, yeah. Yeah. Right? So it'll be a careful maneuver to like, come into the harbor.
Timothy Sackton: drop it in, come in in front of it from towed behind you. You have about half an half an hour. If you want to make any plans for Tollen.
Timothy Sackton: but you don't have to make any plans if you want to discuss anything in character. Now's your chance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  worry about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: divisions you've seen in in Chardon. I worry about Fausto and what he's doing with that scroll, and whatever he's logging into that tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I don't know it feels inter dimensionally creepy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What he may be up to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): agreed. It feels like unfinished business.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Well, I worry about. I mean, it wasn't our fault. It was nobody's fault. But I worry about the the scroll that he has on what he may be, or is likely doing with it now
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not anybody's fault. No one's fault definitely's fault
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a little bit. Our fault, I mean, not our fault. If there were blame to be placed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: I got this all the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  but yeah, I worry. I worry about the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if he is indeed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in service to a polyon and is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up to something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know it doesn't. I don't. I'm II wonder if there's actually a way for us to learn more, you know. I wonder if there's a way for us to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: try to get some a little bit more intelligence in charting about what he is up to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's him he so like long left. He fled, chart in, like all of the people that were kind of close to us, ran away right because they
Eric Rosenbaum: who do we have any allies left in China.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Your wolf car, the dwarf friend, is still dwarf. Guy's still there, although he was a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: He he did some research for you, and you scribe him. And he was kind of pissed about that, and like was like,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, who else do you know? Like Bola is in the mirror.  I mean, there are people you met right, but they wouldn't really be.
Timothy Sackton: you know. There was the
Timothy Sackton: oh, my list of chartered Npcs is in a different note. Taking app.
Timothy Sackton: there was what's the name? The rich lady with the with the T. Oh, yeah. But I don't think she would. Rosalia Roselli, I don't think was I mean you just met her right. She probably would stick her neck out for you.
Timothy Sackton:  There was Galen, the guy who gave the lecture about?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, that that guy with what I remember. Yeah, have you pictures of these guys?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But again, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  The only one who you, the only person who's still in charge, and who you like, had any real connection to.
Timothy Sackton: who could be considered a friend, was, was off guard
Mike Sackton: right
Timothy Sackton: pretty much. Everybody else who would have been a friend of yours is gone
Timothy Sackton: like like those other adventures Dee and Dane, like
Timothy Sackton: they fled. Their long fled. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Well, I guess it wasn't entirely clear what happened to Dane. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do we do we have any any magical means of trying to understand a little bit more like, is there a fee that we can ask for a favor, or
Mike Sackton: we could use divination?
Eric Rosenbaum: The the thing we just got. Oh, the magic shell! So what does the condition do?
Mike Sackton: I forget exactly. You can ask a question of the gods, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: D and D beyond has this great search function.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: I know
Timothy Sackton: you ask a question concerning a specific goal of enter activity to occur within 7 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: You also.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza, you have your speak with?
Timothy Sackton: Ask storm giants things. He.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I don't wanna use that on this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But is divination? Is it a one time thing. Or do we have it? Yeah, it's a one time thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to item. Yeah, well, it'd be really interesting is to know if he's gonna use the smaller. That would be useful, you know.
Mike Sackton: and whether he's gonna use it soon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you know right now.  as much as I'm enjoying our our holiday in total enough. This has been a holiday, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know Brisbane is holding on valiantly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if things start going badly north, we start
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: facing a problem about 2 fronts and where we best need where we most needed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I wonder if it's worth trying to learn a little bit more. What dosto is up to? What I'm trying to
set?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what? So could we get in touch with Offgar?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I do.
Timothy Sackton: Could you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it's
Mike Sackton: I could always send a message, but it would take what like
Mike Sackton: ha! Is it? How fast does my links go? 200 miles a day or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So to get to chart. And it would take what? Like.
Mike Sackton: 15 days?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: can you?
Eric Rosenbaum: You can turn right now.
Timothy Sackton: You're you're 2,000 miles from Charlton.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far are we from?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That works
Timothy Sackton: you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not totally suggesting we need to order
Timothy Sackton:  You're like 1,400 miles from the Orcs
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sort of going to chart in ourselves. Is there any other way? We can try to learn more about what is up to you
Mike Sackton: there, anybody.
Mike Sackton: I do not know anyone in Chardon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's hard to do, and we have any magical means, any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any any any way at all trying to discern more.
Mike Sackton: It would take 8 and a half days for your links to reach Charlotte, because 10 miles an hour now we could. I mean we could send.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could send a message. But what would it say? And would it be to yeah, doesn't exactly have his finger on the pulse of the underworld of chart. And I don't think so. Yeah, I mean, likewise the half things I might know wouldn't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): simply wouldn't have visibility to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of what's interesting is again, I think the fear with Fausto is that he's he's using the scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and if he's using the scroll with the pandemonium. you know. What do we anticipate will happen
Mike Sackton: there a way we could destroy the school
Eric Rosenbaum: at a distance.
Eric Rosenbaum:  to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you what will happen?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we don't know. He could probably summon some bad stuff
Eric Rosenbaum: easily.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I thought it was to collide the plane of pandemonium into this one
Mike Sackton: is to bring it closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, practically speaking, what we've seen before is that
Eric Rosenbaum: it creates a channel for beings to cross over
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great fucking. Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: not ones, that is, there.
Mike Sackton: Could we travel to Chardon through the
Mike Sackton: Fay wild.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, Tom?
Mike Sackton: And infiltrate, I mean honestly, this sounds insane and
Mike Sackton: suicidal, but
Mike Sackton: we could see if we could get there quickly through the fey-while.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then did those infiltrate fast doses tower and destroy the scroll? Do those some portals that we know about
Eric Rosenbaum: seem of of a solution size to admit a whole thing.
Mike Sackton: Martin Castle.
Timothy Sackton: Wait. Sorry. What? What portals
Eric Rosenbaum: you know the stay wild Portals know about.
Eric Rosenbaum: and there's one, at least that we know about.
Timothy Sackton: There's a bunch you know about, but there's none you don't know any over here. Yeah, we don't. The closest one is like all the way back half way to cross right.
Timothy Sackton: The closest. What you know about is the one is the one sort of east east of Hudomos's Tower.
Timothy Sackton: like the one that you came out of. That's that's relatively, that's like in
Timothy Sackton: nearest to Dunbar.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? Right right? And then then you know about
Timothy Sackton: there's 3 others in the book you got from Offgar that are all sort of closer to Chartin than that portal.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't know of any portals anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know of any portals on this side of the mountains.
Eric Rosenbaum:  we have portal that you know, about 1,300 miles from here, so
Timothy Sackton: hardly save you any any time you may as well just go to chartered at that point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. 2 things. One actually. Do you mind turning the music down just to touch
Timothy Sackton: and then and so so to chart in would be 8 days to to garage to the Orcs. It would be how many days. 8 days for for Dell was Links messenger. Oh, yeah, it's a little bit long. It's actually not that much longer for you, cause you go. You go 10 miles an hour, but
Timothy Sackton: but 22
Timothy Sackton: you could get to chart in in. You could get to chart in a 9 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and how many days back to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like 6?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, but what's the urgency to get to chart? Well, so it all depends on. If
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if let's imagine the worst case scenario, which is Fausto, is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the process. He's up to something. He's clearly up to something, and the up to something almost certainly involves using that scroll, and if we kind of game out what the worst case scenario would be, it would be him actually using it to create a channel between our dimension and pandemonium. And now there's some giant bridge that's opening up where demonic crazy fucking things are crossing over and wreaking havoc somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Remember the scroll was somehow tied to.
Mike Sackton: Couldn't it only be used at a certain time when the moon was? I don't remember the details when the moon was aligned, or when planes were aligned.
Timothy Sackton: Tim, do we have? Did we know that about the the the
Timothy Sackton: the the werewolfs?
Timothy Sackton:  the women? Exactly. The. It wasn't necessarily the scroll. Right? Remember, the werewolfs were
Timothy Sackton: there was this. There was a prophecy when the 6 moon rises in the betrayer sky, when the deepest echo of madness is nigh in the ancient cave of the Madwin soul. 13. Brethren, 13
Timothy Sackton: prayers, 13. Cold iron spielers, spares prepared will bring forth the howl of empty despair that was like what the werewolf are trying to do. But that didn't necessarily have anything to do with the scroll
Mike Sackton: right? Actually don't remember where the school even came from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we looked at it. The mirror turns out, yeah. You saw it. I remember the mirror vision right?
Timothy Sackton: I know where it came from in a metaphysical sense. I'm trying to remember where you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look. I got sorry. I don't mean to derail derail us here. I guess it's more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II guess it means it still stays. See? Seems prudent for us to head back to to aid rizwin first, but I guess we should just continue to monitor closely what's happening in in Chardon? Because if there, if there becomes an intra dimensional bridge where, like horrible, terrifying things are flying through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: charting or someplace else. Then, you know, we're gonna have to make a decision. There is one key thing which is that
Eric Rosenbaum: it looks like we have or seeker has a teleport scroll which would be able to take us all instantly. Wherever we want to go on this plane you could use teleport. That's marvelous. You cannot teleport
Eric Rosenbaum: your airship, though
Eric Rosenbaum: we'd have to park first. We could do that.
Eric Rosenbaum:  We would only want to do that
Eric Rosenbaum: if we really knew that we needed to, urgently.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We I mean, I agree with what you're saying, cancel e every day that passes clearly. Festo gathers power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But we don't yet know that there's more urgency than that. I mean, awful though that is. Yeah. Go back, kill grush.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): take him off the board. and then on the chart.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you have like, 10 min till you dock in Tolin. Oh, yeah, what are we doing in Tollen still.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but dealt with? We want, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): introduction to the old elves who might have been around during the Empire. We had invited.
Mike Sackton:  What was his name? Melender Melender.
Mike Sackton: to dine and to discuss
Mike Sackton: introductions to the elves that
Mike Sackton: in Arnold's
Mike Sackton: I would like to discuss the making of the armor with what was this name?
Mike Sackton: There were others.
Mike Sackton: I think that all of us had potentially to talk to again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we also, if you're interested in getting some tattoo work done, I can connect you with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the artist
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): s and t
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  but dark vision, but and then also with the smith, arrows from the steel. Be a good thing.
Mike Sackton: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what else do we need to learn if we're if we, if we are to have a gathering, what else do we want to learn? Well.
Mike Sackton: if we are.
Mike Sackton: there are 2 places we could go from here right? We could head south to grash and then west Chartin.
Mike Sackton: or we could head east to pursue the
Mike Sackton: fragment of
Mike Sackton: Bryce. Oh, that reminds me, Tim. I told you I wanted to do this once. I could coordinate with seeker
Mike Sackton: check where the guy is what what?
Mike Sackton: Not explain this to you.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna talk about it, but I forgot, anyway. So there's this.
Mike Sackton: This is man I saw in my scribe.
Mike Sackton: who has a piece of jade's hand at rise hand somewhere
Mike Sackton: far to the north
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in this
Mike Sackton: yeah, north of here
Mike Sackton: cyclist, which we could.
Mike Sackton: being so as that we are near to there.
Mike Sackton: And I think, if we are, how do we know that this guy's from Earth? Do we not know that in game. Do I just know that cause we made it up?
Timothy Sackton: A. No, you talk to
Timothy Sackton:  it. It's all from your. It's all from the deal with solo notes. It's from the the deal with solo postscript. When you are trying to find a way across.
Timothy Sackton: you talked to that Druid who teleported you
Timothy Sackton: and she had told you about.
Mike Sackton: So she told me that this guy was in this far off kingdom. That's far off, like, okay.
Mike Sackton: so I know only a name. Ersk, and I have the vision that
Mike Sackton: I saw when I scried him. But
Mike Sackton: we could ask if anybody here knows anything of this place, Ersk.
Mike Sackton: and try and find more.
Mike Sackton: We when I was when I was shopping, you know, when we were here before I
Mike Sackton: was discussing improvements to our castle Ersk was mentioned a few times as a as A.
Mike Sackton: Some of the dyers and traders did mention Chips go there from here. I did not pursue the details, but I think if we tried, we could find somebody who knows more about it here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
Mike Sackton: and then, of course, we should find a ship breaker who will take a deal with points.
Mike Sackton: Devotion. Take this off our hands.
Mike Sackton: yeah, and perhaps
Mike Sackton: failed a bit sort of points to the
Mike Sackton: make. Some of. He points to the garden. That's all like beautiful, and that that I almost said right that Kenza has been been tending. Right. Make some of this. He points like the the crummy little house, more like that voice to the garden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that that's that's wise. While we're here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Is there any others? Are there any other strategic things that we'd like to learn while we're here?
You.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps you could. The the rumor I heard was that the Dyers Guild is in some fashion associated with Ersk. That's who mentioned it. You could pursue your I can do that.
Mike Sackton: And if there is this? What's what was the festival called
Mike Sackton: pair pervit
Mike Sackton: pyravela pyravela? Perhaps it is an opportunity to
Mike Sackton: attend a party, or even throw a party?
You're
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: as you're finishing up this con conversation, Seeker is like intensely concentrating as you begin to Nat, navigate with this broken pirate ship hitting the water and jumping a couple of times, and the ship, the the Vingo starna. The airship lurches slightly as the rope that's connecting you together pulls taunt, and you begin to navigate slowly into the toll and harbor.
Timothy Sackton: It is near sunset.
Timothy Sackton: But you can see
Timothy Sackton: already that tollen is is lit up.  Oh, I don't have a picture told him that, but you can see Like the the dome of the
Timothy Sackton: the dome of the temple of the Sybil, that
Timothy Sackton: that you saw once before has what must be magical lights. Surrounding it.
Timothy Sackton: the.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, we'll use that one with our
Timothy Sackton: image.
Timothy Sackton: the the harbor itself is is full of ships, and there's lanterns hanging off the ships, and and you can see you know you're not quite. I mean, you're unexpected because you didn't tell anybody would be back. But at the same time
Timothy Sackton: the like, you know, battery and guards at the front of the
Timothy Sackton:  at the front of this. Like guard the entrance to the harbor recognize you, and and the launch comes out, and you you conduct your business. They do ask if you have any. If you're bringing in like looking at the
Timothy Sackton: clearly sort of racked merchant ship, ask if you're bringing anything for sale.
Timothy Sackton: trade goods, timber, raw metal, fine art
Timothy Sackton: magic items.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we're hoping to barter or sell the boat right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. We're anchoring the boat using the immovable rod.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's floating above the water.
Timothy Sackton: because there's a there's a
Timothy Sackton: there's a tariff on goods for sale.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're planning on paying, selling the boat. You've got to cough up some cash
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  we're happy to pay it. What is it
Timothy Sackton: 50% of the value?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Holy shit! You're not in any guilt. Yeah, wow, presumably we can pay that once we've determined the value
Eric Rosenbaum: and sold it. The tariff people have their own appraisers who are different from the people that would.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's no you. It's basically they'll they'll send you a bill. They'll appraise it, send you a bill.
Timothy Sackton: also trade goods, dyed cloth. Anything like that doesn't apply to lake coin, or gems, or weapons or armor, or anything like that. Just trade goods. I think the ship would be the main thing you possess. That would account for the tariff
you're
Mike Sackton: anyway. You don't have to deal with that now. So rude awakening to a mercantile system. Of course, perhaps we should just use the ship as raw materials for our own.
Mike Sackton: You don't have to sell it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right? Well, I kind of like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's just tell it forever.
Mike Sackton: Presumably, if we tear this apart for its timber and use the timber, we need to build some surface structures on top of our own. Well, Tommy, I'm saying this. We're saying that to that right? Presumably, if we choose not to sell it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's an awfully good story, too, that the interiors of our ship are made from the former ghost pirate ship.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty good. That's pretty good, they are. They're basically like, Yeah, your.
Timothy Sackton: You're pretty obvious you're not trying to smuggle anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's fine. We trust you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think this is our first experience with taxation in in this entire campaign. It's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): normally we come in and save the day, and everybody loves us, and they just treat us great. So this is a little little, I mean, and we wanted to smuggle stuff. We could just gas pollutionary terrain, and they wouldn't see the boat.
Mike Sackton: But we're not going to. So, Sidela, do. Do you still want to throw this party. Think we should I do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who do you want to invite?
Mike Sackton: Well. Melinda?
Mike Sackton: But then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it may also be interesting. again. Escobar, the student from the university.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He! He may be able to actually, maybe we can speak with him beforehand, or I can get some information beforehand. It may be interesting to see if there's some folks from the Dyers Guild that could join it.
Mike Sackton: It so
Mike Sackton: do we like this holiday that's coming up, is it like
Timothy Sackton: everybody? Does everybody have already have invitation like, or would we have no idea, like, I'm just trying to figure out like, I mean, it's celebrated and chartered to. So Kenzo would have experienced this as a child.
Timothy Sackton:  nobody has invitations. Parties are like
Timothy Sackton: it's it's kind of a
Timothy Sackton: like, if you're gonna throw a party, anybody can show up to your party right like you can tell people I'm throwing a party right. But it's no hierarchies. No closed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like running closed doors. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  there's just. It's just a like. And like all the guilds compete to, you know, to throw these giant feasts right? So you can't, you can't you? You can't throw a private party that would be like really frowned upon
Timothy Sackton: but also nobody has like invitations where they're committed to going to parties XY, and Z. So if you just wanna throw another one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like you're just not.
Timothy Sackton: The party on the airship would certainly attract people right like
Eric Rosenbaum: on the airship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We definitely should do this. I think I think just I love it just for the story, if if nothing else practical also, I mean just in all seriousness and being. It's been a hell of a fucking few months, you know. And why not? Why not enjoy ourselves a little bit while we just were a moment to?
Timothy Sackton: And it's also like people go in costume like a lot. Oftentimes these are like masquerades.
Timothy Sackton:  it's and and you have to. It's a three-day holiday, but the last day is like
Timothy Sackton: people chill, and then there's these bond you can't eat after sunset on the last day. And there's these massive bonfires, and supposedly the word laying this god. One of the 8 divines in the religion of this area
Timothy Sackton: gives people dreams and prophecies on the last day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the and the first day starts with like a big parade, where, like everybody, has floats for miracles and things like that.
Mike Sackton: That was, I missed all of that. Sorry my computer didn't actually crack like I don't know what just happened. Everything. Well, you. You read my notes about this, did you, Mike? I skimmed them. I was hope I can go read your notes about it. You did send them to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, there's total burning man happening, Mike. And we're we're gonna participate. Basically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry. My computer is really being. I don't know divine of chaos, luck, chance, and fate.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's even better that that you know. We'll just see who it shows up. But we can. I again. I'll I'll I'll I'll see if I can get word from some connections in the Dyers Guild, so we can try to learn more about Ersk
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  and then dealt with. If you've got connections with the elves to try to learn more about this forest
and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do. Hasslings must trade with Ersk one way or another.
Timothy Sackton: You would like this name sounds familiar to. Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: you don't know anything about it, really, but like you've definitely heard the word before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we should send. I mean my just just again. If I think it's been great being here, we may as well just let
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: since there's no particular, you know, and anybody from Poland is welcome. But we may as well send word to anybody that we've interacted with that will, you know we'll be. We'll be hosting here absolutely. Yeah. So I think, sending word to Umley.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cecilia.
Mike Sackton: to every anybody we've anybody we've met we can send word unless we invite. Should we invite Cecilia, not Cece what's her name? Galen Galen?
Timothy Sackton: Again? There's no in I mean, you can tell people you're hosting the party, but.
Timothy Sackton: like Caitlin, can choose to show up if she wants to. It's not, it's, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: completely open door. Do people? See games of chance at these parties is, are they? Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: because of the balance. So yeah. And also also also also also also also, also, I think Kenza, for this purpose, too, would prepare an acrobatics demonstration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Add a couple of key moments.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are we going to park the ship for the party
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the bay someplace?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we get on? What people need to be able to get on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, document exactly. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I think we should. Big for a dog.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no, no, we don't dock the boat in the bay right? What we do tender is we've got the foldable boat. Be tender people.
Mike Sackton: We have our ruined boat. That's still seaworthy.
Mike Sackton: Right, we're gonna prepare that as our welcome home.
Mike Sackton: Right? We animate the rope as. And then we have animated, we have. Yeah, that's what I was like. But we have an animated ladder that brings people up to the I mean seeker could animate the folding boat, too.
Mike Sackton: Can you animate 2 things?
Timothy Sackton: It's within the size range that I can animate. I didn't realize that. Wow, I think. Cause, can you? Your? It's up to large. It's up to large. Oh, it's probably it might be bigger than large. Actually, I think you need to get one more, one more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can we? are we able to produce? Is somebody able to produce fireworks magically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is that we should definitely do that, or even real fireworks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean played.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could just create a box of fireworks that will exist on the temporary. They would work, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: give me.
Mike: Della has like prestigious and like other spells like that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beautiful
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. Cause you know, Kenza can use some acrobatics we've got, you know, a good fireworks display actually, actually, Kenzo and Welby should do a combined set of feats where you shoot arrows, and Kenzo catches them and throws them. And also like, let's like, you know, like you can shoot various objects off of Kenzo as he's doing his acrobatics that yes, definitely. So that's it's a combined. It's a combined demonstration.
Mike: Yeah. And there's an area where Pet Baxter.
Timothy Sackton: you can't animate the boat, cause you can't animate magical things that are magical. It can only be a non magical item. While you're while you're starting to plan your party here.
Timothy Sackton: A a a small boat like just a like a
Timothy Sackton: road road boat with a with like a halfling, or maybe it's a little sailboat with a with like a halfling boy. Pulls up, says mail call
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll be all shoot me down a ladder and
Timothy Sackton: hands you a bundle of letters.
you
Timothy Sackton: strange boat.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'll invite him aboard to just have the run of the place ties up. His ship runs around so basic like he's got a bunch of letters from
Timothy Sackton: from the
Timothy Sackton: But the Wendell's in where you were had been around right, and people had written you. He's got
Timothy Sackton: 5 letters for you.
Timothy Sackton:  The first is
Timothy Sackton:  dated December nineteenth, from Guy Marshawn, saying that Sarah de Gray is stopping by on December twentieth, and would be happy to meet well, be
Timothy Sackton: third of Gray is the
Timothy Sackton: student. Robby was asking her, being introduced to students. She's another student at the University. A letter from Melendar, dated December twentieth, saying, he's sorry you have to leave on short notice, and I was looking forward to dinner.
Timothy Sackton: Another message from Guy, dated December 20, first.
Timothy Sackton: saying he's sorry to have missed Welby and her has heard you had to leave town
Timothy Sackton: saying, if you're back by the 20 ninth he's hosting a paravela feast.
Timothy Sackton: and many of the local isn't gay community that's the ruined city with.
Timothy Sackton: We'll be there, including Sarah de Gray if you want to stop by
Timothy Sackton: a message from Umley, dated December 20 sixth, saying she's fascinated by the metal that dealt with left, and has a number of ideas dealt with in his companions that they desire are welcome to meet her any Tuesday afternoon at the Fire and Stone.
Timothy Sackton: She does not care for the Pyravela celebrations, and will not be participating.
Mike: When is Tuesday
Timothy Sackton: the day after tomorrow?
Timothy Sackton:  And a second letter from Melinda stated December 20. Seventh says he doesn't know when you will return. But,
Timothy Sackton: Elis, an Elven woman from orange losses in town, and he thought Dallas and his companions, if they desire, would like to meet her. There's so few of our kind here these days. She'll be in town through through the week following power.
Timothy Sackton: So for like about 10 more days from now.
Timothy Sackton: any hopes that you'll return in that time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, I also like let Escrow, now that we're having.
Timothy Sackton: so you can send letters with the halfling if you want. Right?
You okay?
And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, also, I'll send
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): my regrets for having missed things. And it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's the date? Again? What's this? The today is the 20 eighth.
Timothy Sackton: So you have.
Timothy Sackton: You have. Tomorrow. Conceivably you could go to. This isn't gay Pyravah party if you wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: Tuesday, the day after tomorrow. There's
Timothy Sackton:  is your opportunity to talk to
Timothy Sackton: roomly if you'd like
Timothy Sackton: anytime in the next couple of weeks
Timothy Sackton: Melinda would like to speak, would like to connect
Timothy Sackton: while this Elvin woman Elvis, is in town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we should. We should let folks know that our party's gonna be on the second day of the festival right? The first day is the first day is clothes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which we should participate in in the parade. If we can figure out how to do that second day is our our party, and then the third day is the psychedelic bonfire.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: so I was switching back to my I missed.
Mike Sackton: Can you? Just?
Mike Sackton: I missed 2 s of that. What's the first day? First day is the floats in the parade, and you could go to the isn't gay party if you wanted to
Timothy Sackton: stack of day is your party. Third day it's taken out bonfires.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which we will host one. We should host that on our boat and burn some of the cursed pirate wood
Mike Sackton: a psychedelic bonfire.
Mike Sackton: We have an unusually good type of boat to burn things we do, we do and today is the day before all this starts. Okay, so and it's like, it's like 50'clock. It's like dinner time right now. Okay, so you don't have much of this day, right? So it's gonna be hard to conduct any business for the next 3 days. Sure.
Mike Sackton:  okay,
Mike Sackton: So let's
Mike Sackton: let's let's do it. That sounds like a plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So for today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ken Kenza is gonna go and visit Cecile, the the tattoo artist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank them. Let them know that actually will be if you wanna come with me. Do you wanna come with me to get the cause? It's 50'clock, but that she's she works long hours. She'll be there tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you wanna get the work done today or another time?
Timothy Sackton: She's probably not gonna start a magical tattoo at 50'clock the day before 3 day holiday.
Timothy Sackton: You can certainly go. She's gonna be there. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I'll I'll stop by and let her know that that Welby will be coming invite her, or let her know that. You know we're having an event on the ship, and then ask for hear the letter for the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, she gave a letter for the introduction.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, she gave you a letter that introduced to basically telling. So Escobar is this student who's
Timothy Sackton: at the university on a dyer's Guild scholarship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it? Okay? So I try to find Escobar. Then.
Timothy Sackton: okay, so let's so Kenza is, look what tonight you are looking for, Escobar or going to talk to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't do both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The talk is Cecilia super fast? That's just dropping. Let her know while he's coming, and then and then to let her know about the party.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what's everybody else doing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  Go ahead?
Mike Sackton: Deleth is gonna send a letter back to Melender by links.
Mike Sackton: Okay. basically thanking him, for
Mike Sackton: you know. Yes, we would love to. We would love to. We're back in town.
Mike Sackton: We would love to
Mike Sackton: eat. You're hosting a
Mike Sackton: sorry party on our airship, and we would welcome their attendance. But also I would appreciate. You know I would invite them to a quieter dinner next.
Mike Sackton: in a couple of days after the festivities.
Mike Sackton: Both him and the other Alf. So the the third day. It's often traditional to have sort of like quiet meals before the bonfires, cause you can't.
Mike Sackton: You're not. You're not supposed to eat after sundown in the first third day. So people have like midday meals. But yeah, and I don't. I don't think I wanna save that for human politicking where it might be appropriate. Right? So just, you know. So they
Mike Sackton: I don't know you said Tuesdays tomorrow, so like Sunday, or something like that
Mike Sackton: right Saturday or Sunday. the day after the bonfire. Well, not probably the day after the day after. We're not going to be gone super fast, right?
Mike Sackton: And if that's a farewell type meal fine. So I'll invite him to dinner. I'll invite him and the other out to dinner on Sunday.
Mike Sackton: No, on Saturday. So Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or the 3 days of the best Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, well, then, I'll invite him to dinner on Friday.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: I also
Mike Sackton:  am going to.
Mike Sackton: I wanna like just go through. I don't know. Find a nice place to eat, or
Mike Sackton: just kind of parade around town a little bit and let it be known that we're having a party
Mike Sackton: tomorrow like we're back.
Mike Sackton: You know. You saw the airship before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for the stories. I think I think we should. We should magically like light up the airship. You know what I mean. So at night time it's like a spectacle where you know what I mean. It just looks fucking awesome like. Can we like magically illusioni, or, you know, can Dulwich just man be used to create totally? Can some sort of like I mean?
Mike Sackton: Presumably I could use. I guess it's supposed to be only trained. But can I use it to create like fancy lights and stuff? I mean, they wouldn't let off real light. But that's no. That's like major illusion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: major illusion. And it's like a no, it's a different like hallucinator. Terrain creates terrain right like you could make
Mike Sackton: right? Just gonna look, we can make the surface of the ship look like a lush meadow or something like that. Right?
Timothy Sackton: You can do things like that, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Or a lava field.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't have any other ways to kind of like. Can we do fireworks or any other like kind of I mean, I think well, Seeker could create fireworks. Oh, we're doing that. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we do fireworks every night?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like as we're coming in? I can animate what that's actually kinda cool. I can make like
Mike Sackton: animated. What are statues?
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's fucking awesome. So like, you know.
Mike Sackton: that I could do too. Right like I can have like I can have, like a giant animated thing of water, like.
Mike Sackton: you know, dancing in the middle of the
Mike Sackton: and then all, all lit up at night by fireworks.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so what's wellbe and seeker doing well? Kenzo goes to talk to these dire, skilled people and dealt with
Timothy Sackton: spreads the word of the party.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Welby goes back to the inn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and it's like 50'clock ish when we get in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So Welby spends
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like the whole evening
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gathering the halfling storytellers there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and from other inns, too, in Toland, if I can find them. and any of my relatives and friends and relations if I can find them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and tells the whole story of the destruction of the scepter of command.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this time without leaving anything out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and like emphasizing how you like dutifully carried it, as the you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, actually, Le, leaving out the the mechanism of of storage and carrying
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cause that does still need to stay a a a secret. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, alluding to some unseen way of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's carrying it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be keeping secrets. That's a name.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? And what's secret doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, somebody's gotta stay at the ship. Obviously cause everyone is gallivanting around. So I stay at the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: making more frequency, diagrams
Eric Rosenbaum: it between
Eric Rosenbaum:  cryptanalysis sessions. I am assembling elaborate stone mechanical contraptions to function as games of chance sort of like a inventing the concept of pinball
Eric Rosenbaum: with like a 30 foot long ramp and mechanical flickers that you can knock the ball around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of sequences of cups of different sizes. To try to toss something into
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is, is, is is seeker still also trying to solve the cipher.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, cryptanalysis working on that.  I also occasionally take out
Eric Rosenbaum: the minding stones and stare at those, although I haven't made much progress, as far as I know on that
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to find somebody to that can help analyze those.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: let me let me take these
Timothy Sackton: briefly.
Timothy Sackton: In order. So so, Kenzo, you find you find Cecilia.
Timothy Sackton: You you speak with her briefly.
Timothy Sackton: I thank her for how dope the work is, and kind of give her a little little some demonstrations of like when I'm doing the dark like now that I'm like really practiced in it, showing her like kind of what happens when I do. The darkvision kind of just give her a flavor of just how awesome it looks like so she can appreciate. She's she's I mean, she's very happy to to work on. Wellbe
Timothy Sackton: right? She'd like. She'd like a few days notice of what design he wants, so she can work on it.
Timothy Sackton: and she'd like to discuss exactly what magic he wants to incorporate. If it's just dark vision or  or other things cause that'll determine the price. But she says she's happy to discuss.
Timothy Sackton: you know, after Paravalla, and you know she can do the work. A day or 2 later.
Timothy Sackton: She would be.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, she'd be quite happy. She likes Kenza. She's like
Timothy Sackton: appreciated the opportunity to like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: distance, collaborate with lizard folk with expert lizard folk, you know, like after you, after you work with work on somebody and do like a whole bunch of yeah, exactly. It's like you develop a bond around that. So anyways, Kenza's very, very grateful advice, or let her know about the party and gathering, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, just you know, if there are other artisans or or folks in the Dyers Gill, anybody that you know that she'd love they love. She'd we'd love to host. And also Kenza kind of just lets her know that we'll be doing some acrobatics and that the her tax fees will be prominently displayed as a part of the you know some of the the entertainment.
Timothy Sackton: She she does say that I mean the Dyers Guild is also hosting their like
Timothy Sackton: massive and and somewhat famous
Timothy Sackton:  party themselves on on Tuesday. That goes basically for 24 h. So you know she'll try, and she'll try and stop by. Were you gonna ask her about Ersk to she is. She doesn't travel, I mean, she's not a sailor. She says the person you want to talk to is Jane Chapman. She's
Timothy Sackton: she's from a established merchant family, but rather than
Timothy Sackton: following the the family's. you know, taking the taking the families
Timothy Sackton:  into the family business, she
Timothy Sackton: she joined the Dyers Guild and worked way up the rings to become the captain of a guild ship that Gilson trade secrets. One of their trade secrets is what in fact, they're buying from Ersk.
Timothy Sackton: So she says, you know she'll be at the. She says she'll be. Jane will be at the Dyers Guild Party for sure, and she says she'll she'll let her know that you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would like to talk to her and tell her about your party, and maybe she'll show up. Well, actually, I asked her to like, when is the best time to show up, because all these parties are happening. At the same time there's ebbs and flows like, when's the best time to stop by the Dyersville party.
Timothy Sackton: This is exactly like Bernie, man. It's like you just don't want the same Djs playing at the exact same time. At the same. You learn a little bit beforehand, like what the Dyers Guild is doing their big, huge thing at like midnight, and we do our thing like when you know the acrobat demonstration.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of biggest event at the Dyers Guild is is the. you know, stretching from sunset through
Timothy Sackton: kind of
Timothy Sackton: early dusk. They have a huge fireworks show. It's traditionally the first fireworks show of the night.
Timothy Sackton: and lots of people go eat at the Dars Guild because they bring in amazing food.
Timothy Sackton: So so they you probably don't wanna have major events from like 4 to 8 or something like that. But usually people then sort of wander off afterwards. Perfect, perfect. Wait! When are we gonna do our dinner? Are we? We're not gonna do our dinner as part of the festival, are we? Are we gonna do our dinner with the Alps.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's later. No. I invited the Alps for Friday. Today's Monday. So the festival's over on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thursday. Perfect. Okay? So we can. So it depends on makes note, and is thinking to himself, Okay, we all can all go to the Dyers, go for dinner, and then we can have our our kind of entertainment. Be be closer to midnight, you know. Be later in the day.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah. Like late night. Why not? Totally
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect
Timothy Sackton:  and after that Penza tries to fly an Escobar. But we can come back. Yeah. So
Timothy Sackton: deal with Mega. Make a
Timothy Sackton: a persuasion.
Mike Sackton: Just roll a deep make a charisma check. Why did that not do anything?
Timothy Sackton: Because you typed it into zoom chat
Mike Sackton: I it wasn't. It wasn't. I'm like, why did that work?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should know, zoom! Why is zoom so dumb?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the twenties?
Mike Sackton: Where did you all happen?
Mike Sackton: 7 total or 7?
Mike Sackton: Was that persuasion or Christmas.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that would be an 11, only 2
Timothy Sackton: I mean you you you spread the word
Timothy Sackton: you you definitely get the sense like sort of wandering around town kind of talking to people like there's a bit of this odd like
Timothy Sackton: I didn't. What are the like?
Timothy Sackton: Thi? This isn't your holiday like? Where are the why are the alms hosting a party like Melinda never hosts a party.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes he'll wander around just to be ambassador. A nice ambassador, but like
Timothy Sackton: there is a little bit of this like Odd. But you, you know, people's curiosity is also sort of, you know, peaked a little bit like
Timothy Sackton: this is strange, since you get the sense like there's there's definitely rumors going around like this is gonna be a talked about party.
Timothy Sackton: but maybe not quite exactly what you're going for in terms of.
Timothy Sackton: and no publicity is bad publicity. The other thing, Wellby, we could do a little demonstration in the town center.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just a give people a sense of what they'll be seeing more of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a giant floating ship is not convincing enough.
I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. You wanna leave something to the imagination.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it is a bit odd, honestly, what we're doing. But we just want people to show like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ultimately, the goal is lots of different people show up. So we can meet lots of different people. Yeah, maybe it's not a party. I mean, maybe the frame is open house we're we're being careful not to be culturally appropriate.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Dallas wasn't. I mean, yeah, it's not so much. I mean the whole like one of the whole themes of the of the party is like up ending social norms. Right? Like it's like, you know, the rich guilds will host
Timothy Sackton: will host parties, and, like the Guildmasters, will serve random
Timothy Sackton: peasants who come off the street right? So there is sort of a, you know, a shaking, you know, an up ending sort of the normal Social order theme to it.
Timothy Sackton: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's what tollen rocks.
Timothy Sackton: but it's very, but the the sense deal with gets as he's spreading the word is that like people are sort of like, doubtless doesn't really know that like
Timothy Sackton: holiday, right? So like, people just get this like odd reaction like
Timothy Sackton: this doesn't sound like a pirate party, right like it's like you're missing the sort of key themes of the holiday a little bit. But people are still quite curious, so it seems likely you'll get some sort of turnout, anyway. What key themes are I missing?
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's not. I mean, it's just in the way that deal with the same right? It's like, I guess Kenzo knows. Maybe the like traditional way to like invite people to parties is, you know, is there's a certain like, you know, formality of the way you're supposed to do it and deal with is not doesn't know. These
Timothy Sackton: also spread the word a little bit, and like we'll kind of do it with the appropriate, like, you know, cause there are times when you, when you do it, where you actually do it with a little bit of flair to kind of like kind of give a little thing so he'll he'll he'll just like, and as he's like, you know, as he's going about and running his errands. Cause, I think, collectively.
Timothy Sackton: because it's very different than what you like as a kid paravallo was like very much a state
Timothy Sackton: it was all everything was. It was all like, you know, imperial games, basic gladiator games and imperial carnival. And it was still kind of a bit of a like, though time you could poke fun at the Emperor without risk of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. But it was very state oriented right? Everything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here. It's like, just feels like this, total free for all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Ken Kenza Kenza spreads the word as well. But like basically mixes it in with like a lot of like showy acrobatics, like kind of will, like run up buildings sideways and kind of, you know. Land people will applaud, and then he'll say, Hey, you know we're, you know. Come, come and join us at the flying airship, you know, and then I'll move on. He'll he'll do that a little bit here and there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if you want me to roll a d. 20,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably should. Yeah, go ahead. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It happens also. Zoom chat.
Mike Sackton: I do that I roll call is not working guys. There's there's something going on.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just do it on your character sheet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I do it on my character sheet. Oh, here's a guy at the bottom. Okay. roll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  6 plus 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? Successful enough.
Timothy Sackton:  yeah. So I mean, you know, Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And so also, like as you're, you know, you're walking up to the university like you're sort of making your way through the streets of Toland. I mean, deal with stands out in a way that Kenzo doesn't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  But II can to. My Kenzel will will like, kinda you know, throw some cantrips in there and like, kinda you know, he'll he'll he'll like plant his staff in the ground, and like a little boom will happen, and like an explosion of blue light, and then he'll kinda get everybody's attention. Run sideways up a wall, do a couple of flips, and then land and say, you know, fly with fly with Fly with us at the airship, you know, whatever you know. So he'll he'll get a little, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean. So people people are starting to recognize you just from the association, the airship right and
Timothy Sackton: and and and you know you, you certainly also get some some rumors going
Timothy Sackton: a especially around the university. So like you get up to the University district. It's sort of you know you.
Timothy Sackton: There's a few of these sort of Grand Boulevards, the like scroll, Right street, where where wellbees friend is, they sort of converge on
Timothy Sackton: the university in the universe. The like area around the University is called Magna Street. It's that's the district, and it's
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you were here before, right? It's very, you know, a a mix of these big, like, sort of formal, like buildings, but then just tight. Warren's of little streets, with like crappy student housing and crappy student bars, and
Timothy Sackton: like very much sort of Paris Latin corner kind of feel right like it's it's it's sort of
Timothy Sackton: tight and worny in in a in a way like that, so that, like Fisk curve, and the the sort of oldest parts of Toland are also have this
Timothy Sackton: same feel. But in in Magna Street it's
Timothy Sackton:  like everything's oriented around these like grand university buildings. and and it's actually not that like you.
Timothy Sackton: you ask around a little bit. Escobar is is super well known, like everybody knows him. And it's pretty easy to pick out the students. They're the ones who are like nobody else is eating at the crappy student bars right? Like, so.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Here, something like this.
Timothy Sackton:  so you you connect with you connect with Escobar.
Timothy Sackton:  here.
Timothy Sackton:  here we go.
Timothy Sackton: There is Escobar.
Timothy Sackton: tattooed
Timothy Sackton: all along, his arms wearing. you know, nice clothes
Timothy Sackton:  wearing
Timothy Sackton: not fancy clothes, but like
Timothy Sackton:  just sort of colorful and and neatly tailored clothes.
Timothy Sackton:  young Guy, pretty handsome! You! You find him
Timothy Sackton: just leaving dinner, because by now it's like 7, 30 or something
Timothy Sackton:  and
Timothy Sackton: heading
Timothy Sackton: to meet up with a few other students who are putting together one of the parabola parties that's happening at the university
Timothy Sackton: you like. Introduce yourself. Show show show. Show him the letter and stuff, and you know he's  he certainly like once you once he's like, oh, now, you you! You show him this, and he's like, Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Want to actually recognize that Cecilia's work. I think I see. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Kenza Kenza. We'll we'll show the tattoos and kind of give a little bit of a, you know. Show them fuzz off the night vision. Get the eyes, you know just shows that that it's it's
Timothy Sackton: what what can I do for you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  again! We're having
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're hosting on as a part of on a a Saturday, whatever whichever night it is on on the airship that you may have seen. So it would be wonderful for you and your friends to stop by but also we're interested in learning more just about about the guild and also about Ersk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know the gill doesn't trade with ours. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're we're interested in learning more. And again, I'm I'm very impressed by by the inks that you have here. It's really incredible work to find a small talgar and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it'd be great great to to meet. Learn more with your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: members of the Guild.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I
Timothy Sackton: kind of gives a little bow and sort of a smile. II am just a humble student.
Timothy Sackton: if you know, Cecilia, of course. Yeah, it's quite a lot more power in the Guild than I do. and other people around here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  but it looks like he's thinking for a minute
Timothy Sackton: nobody who's
Timothy Sackton: been to Earth. You'd have to talk to the Dyers or the half-hours for that, but perhaps
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: the person you should talk to person you might at least have
Timothy Sackton: stories for you, Thomas Hawk
Timothy Sackton: he is, would be quite the gat at your party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he part of the Guild?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, he's a he's a lecturer here, and a playwright convinced he's gonna be famous one day already, is famous among
Timothy Sackton: those of us in the now
Timothy Sackton: he's giving a lecture tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, no, he's not giving lecture tomorrow, cause it's holiday, he says. He'll probably be at
Timothy Sackton: at one of the university parties if you want to drop by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll fall upon you tomorrow if you can introduce me.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, come. we've got a
Timothy Sackton: late night party tomorrow night.
Timothy Sackton: Come up here. enjoy the fireworks and the light show
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. We'll be there.
Timothy Sackton: I bet Thomas will be around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  perfect, Tim. I'll also. while I'm with Cecilia I will get her story to inscribe on the staff for for Grishma. Okay, cool. That is fine. II just wanted to make a minute. Make sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, II did get her story right? I got her story, and I got his Chris story last time. Okay, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: let's see. Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: are you? What else you're you're traveling around to a couple of different happening in
Timothy Sackton: you know, speaking to  speaking to the storytellers that tend to gather at the windward sale at at Wendell's Inn.
Timothy Sackton: Also. perhaps
Timothy Sackton: traveling out to your aunt's tavern.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of spreading the word anything else that you are hoping to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I think that's the main thing, like II think will be has in mind that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not just that he's trying to spread news. It's that he wants to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like. Turn the story into A into a you know, a story with a capital S, or, you know, home or song that gets can be passed around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  a. And as part of that, I mean talking about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  you know, this last number of drank, or is trying to come back from the dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All that good stuff
and Fausto is aid in charge, and then, etc.,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right? Putting it all out there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: as the night concludes, we all return to
Timothy Sackton: your airship to see this like the hot, the surface has been transformed. And there's this like giant
Timothy Sackton: mechanical contraction of some. Why don't you make a  Just make like a I don't know. Tool check, roll out.
Timothy Sackton: roll a d. 20, and add your proficiency plus
Timothy Sackton:  Yeah, like tinker's tools, like proficiency plus
Timothy Sackton:  I'll say, add, add roll a and add 7
Eric Rosenbaum: oof. I guess that's it.
Mike Sackton: 3 plus 7. It's a 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know nobody rules. Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you guys gotta start doing more things that don't require roles. Cause I told an amazing story. I mean, it blew minds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's a little fiddly. The the, the
Timothy Sackton: mechanical pinball machine like it works great. If you can get the ball loaded, but it's like.
Timothy Sackton: shove it a little on the side you didn't quite figure out the apparatus to like. Naturally reset
Eric Rosenbaum: this little ball that you have rolling around. I'm no riswin, you know.
Timothy Sackton: So so it takes like every time somebody like
Timothy Sackton: the game ends right. It takes like you got seekers like fiddling and like messing about with it. And then, like suddenly, it'll work again. Exactly. It's it's it's a very interesting idea. The execution is not a hundred perfect. So this is the gigantic stone pinball machine exactly.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you all turn in for the night. Make make plans for the morning. What do you want to do the next day?
Mike Sackton: This is the day of the parades and stuff? Right? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can we get our float in the brid?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's our float castle?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would that be weird? Is it like, is it like, kinda is it sort of like a parade where just anybody organically flows in? Or is it kinda like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: it is a religious holiday. Right like the the parade is, there's a there's a prayer at the Temple of the Warbling.
Timothy Sackton: you know, weirdly, and then the parade is like each float
Timothy Sackton: is supposed to signify some miracle that was granted by the by, the word link.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like a whole bunch of like often small things, but some of them are bigger.
Timothy Sackton:  you know. Often they're most. They're usually themed around like times when
Timothy Sackton: you know a risk paid off, or you know a lucky break, a divinely inspired lucky break things like that. But
Timothy Sackton: There is. There is a very strong and, like people. Sponsor floats right like the you know. All the guilds will sponsor floats and things like that, but it's there is a strong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the like parade is all about like retelling miracles. So like us, us, like crashing the parade would be unseemly. It would not be good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this is that. Okay, this is all. Still that same night, or is that this is not the next day?
Timothy Sackton: Right now in game it's it's the evening of the 20 eighth. You've all done your errands and come back to the chef. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  yeah. Kenzie will. Kenza will share what he's found, and and say, You know, I think I plan on going to this University Guild thing to both. See if I can talk to this. What's his name's Thomas Hawk.
Timothy Sackton: Thomas Hawk is like a famous playwright, and supposedly knows all the stories. Basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, stories you want, you should talk to Thomas. Yeah, this is a fellow that seems like he'll have some some good tales that if he can file, I'll try to get him to convince him to come to the airship.
Mike Sackton:  we may as well all go right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you want. Yeah, we can all go to the university together. There's nothing up that if there's nobody else has any agenda tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: the only other things that you know happening tomorrow are Guy Marshawn's party, which is like the Sarah de Gray, and some other of the like isn't gay
Timothy Sackton: community. So people who used to live far to the south and that destroyed city. They're having a party in the afternoon. There's also the prayers, and then the parade
Timothy Sackton:  and then the student party is late at night.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we should definitely stop at the isn't gay party to see if we can pick up more cyclists.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and at least to tell them about the creepy, acid thing that almost killed us.
Mike Sackton: So yeah, step one isn't gay. Party. Step 2 university party. and then next day is when our party is ready.
Timothy Sackton: the 2 the next day, the thirtieth. You can speak to umly if you want.
Timothy Sackton: You've got the Guild party, the Dyers Guild party potentially
Timothy Sackton: like dinner and and early evening. You've got your party late night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But
Mike Sackton: okay, that's kind of what we're gonna do right. The next morning. Dawn's cold.
Timothy Sackton: but clear and sunny.
Timothy Sackton: and the city is is quiet like the
Timothy Sackton:  dock. There's not. There's no like bustle of people on the docks. There's no  you know. The the
Timothy Sackton: the fishing boats aren't going out in in the dawn to, you know. Catch what they can.
Timothy Sackton: It seems I have, like the whole town is sort of whole city is waiting in anticipation of this festival.
Timothy Sackton: And people begin to gather you know, on some of the main streets, especially the bridge, right? So that there's this huge bridge that's lined with shops. That that spans the Volta River.
Timothy Sackton: The the parade runs. It starts at the
Timothy Sackton: It starts at the temple, the main temple of the word ling
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: runs like through, you know.
Timothy Sackton: a few of the major streets, and then crosses the bridge and ends
Timothy Sackton: in South Branch, the neighborhood where, like the tattoo shops and the magic links are, and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: And you know people are are sort of
Timothy Sackton: gathering in clusters like excited
Timothy Sackton: you know, tons of people pack into the to the Temple, and of course, like obviously.
Timothy Sackton: you know, not everybody can fit in the Temple right. But it's sort of a jostling free for all right. There's no reserve seats. There's no like.
Timothy Sackton: you know. It's not the elite. Get to be in the Temple, and everybody else doesn't right. So people will wait up
Timothy Sackton: to be, especially people who feel they've, you know.
Timothy Sackton: have a special connection with the warbling or something like that.
Timothy Sackton:  and you you presumably find somewhere along the parade route to kind of
Timothy Sackton: wait and see this this procession.
Timothy Sackton:  and it starts sort of I don't know around noon, right? So there's prayers in the morning that you're not exactly.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really are taken. And
Timothy Sackton:  so so the parade starts, oddly enough, with  like this very solemn.
Timothy Sackton: arrayed like sort of march of these 7, like old men and women
Timothy Sackton: sort of look around like everybody's. you know. Everybody's like hushed in, and sort of all of them.
Timothy Sackton: You're sort of confused what's going on, but you sort of pick up from the chat, or these are the
Timothy Sackton: so. There's this ancient philosopher's guild that supposedly predates the founding of Tolen that has been here forever.
Timothy Sackton: and the Wordling is the patron of this guild.
Timothy Sackton: and the members of the Philosopher's Guild, almost never
Timothy Sackton: the ancient and honorable order of the Sanashi almost never
Timothy Sackton: like walk around town or anything right like there.
Timothy Sackton: They're quite reclusive and strange.
Timothy Sackton: but they open. They're the ones who opened the
Timothy Sackton: the parade in Torn.
Timothy Sackton: So everybody sort of quiet. And there's a hush that goes to the crowd as these 7 old men and women walk solemnly through the streets.
Timothy Sackton: and as they pass you can see behind them. There's, you know, there's bands. There's
Timothy Sackton: wagons that have these elaborate
Timothy Sackton: pantomimes on them. You know. There's a lot of that, you know. You see a lot of repeated themes right? You see that. There's.
Timothy Sackton: you know, some of frequent
Timothy Sackton: yeah, sort of
Timothy Sackton: down down on your lock. Kind of
Timothy Sackton: pray to the word Ling. Lucky break saves you type miracles.
Timothy Sackton: There are some that are more, you know, rescued from  Curses or
Timothy Sackton: madness.
Timothy Sackton: Disease, that sort of thing a lot of them are are
Timothy Sackton: seem fairly minor right like it's almost almost like anybody who
Timothy Sackton: wants to proclaim a miracle can join this parade right? It's just
Timothy Sackton: like open as long as you have a miracle to to proclaim. although, of course, you can see that, like the guilds, the shipwrights, the dyers, the
Timothy Sackton: the philosophers gale the you know the innkeepers that
Timothy Sackton: the metal workers, the fisher the Fisher's Guild, the Merchants Guild like these kind of
Timothy Sackton: have much more elaborate like pantomimes. There's one. There's one that has like a whole play with 6 actors. Sort of missed the story, but apparently everybody around you knows it by heart.
Timothy Sackton: This parade goes on for for a while, for an hour or so.
Timothy Sackton: passing you by, and as the prayed
Timothy Sackton: passes you know, people sort of break up in clusters. And and you actually notice now that, like a lot of people are wearing
Timothy Sackton: costumes of various kinds, mostly masks.
Mike Sackton: lots of like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: elaborate hats, lots of
Timothy Sackton: like feathers, like animal animal designs. That sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton:  and this seems to be something of a tradition that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mostly masks right? There's this sort of idea of this like flat hierarchy, right? Like nobody's better than anybody else for these 3 days Kenza finds like a like a nearby mask seller and you know, gets a couple and passes them out to the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the squats. Everybody so we can. All, you know. Get get in the mood.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make sure to find like an extra huge one for Wellbe. So it's like this. So and you also do have the feeling like, I mean, this is very much a human festival, but certainly, like the Halflings, have a
Timothy Sackton: sort of curiosity about it, or like
Timothy Sackton: it. You know, it's a lot of this is especially the parade. A lot of this is about stories, right? And and you definitely see some other halflings
Timothy Sackton: hanging out and watching.
Timothy Sackton: you see a few wizard folk. You don't really see very many stone born, or very many dwarves like this is a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Worms are so like no hierarchies. Thing doesn't really sit well with dwarves right there.
Timothy Sackton: A much more kind of hierarchical society in general. And so
Timothy Sackton: it's not. You don't see like dwarves on the streets, really. But there's definitely halfling and lizard folk around who are
Timothy Sackton: participating in. you know, different ways.
Timothy Sackton:  a few like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, stranger creatures right like there's there's all kinds in in
Timothy Sackton: toll in right like
Timothy Sackton:  I'm not gonna tell you what you see, because then you'll go talk to all these random people on that.
Mike Sackton: Will you do just to give us flavor? But to prevent us, can you say like the next day, thinking back, you remember that you saw and forgot to talk to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I mean, you see, a centaur. Oh, we definitely talk to the Centaur. Come on. We last were with Centaurs, and they ran off. And where did they go? They went to.
Mike Sackton: but the center is on the other side of the brain from us. We can't get across without disrupting. Yeah, you can't get across without disrupting the prey.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Dell just missed the step.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We definitely the Centaur. We definitely talk to. We talk to the Centaur and try to and see if he knows, like the the other fucking centars that we know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are we not taking advantage of Tim's good faith response here.
Timothy Sackton: But there's a fucking centre. Guys like that. We last like talked to a group of centers
Mike Sackton: as far as
Timothy Sackton: dude. It's so racist. You said you just think I know every other. Yes, were you gonna hold out an apple to it, or something that's racist. We just happen to meet a whole fucking giant crew of centaurs to the plot earlier.
Timothy Sackton: Oftentimes many groups of centers migrate right? So there they travel in these herds, in these migratory routes across Talgar.
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the the center. Here the woman you meet is not. She's not
Timothy Sackton: part of one of those migratory communities like she lives in total right? She's not like
Timothy Sackton: She's lived here for 20 years. It's been good to her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: She's you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I tell her I'm sick of people jumping over parades just to talk to her because she's unusual. You know, Kenz Kenza shares that that, you know we we had the whole
Timothy Sackton: like very serious encounter with with Sentars. She she looks she looks at that deal with, and it's kind of like, does this happen to you too?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, this is the we. We actually, you know
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the first story of how
Mike Sackton: the first 4 months that I was back on this plane from the wall
Mike Sackton: imprisoned elsewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you're you're Mike.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: imprisonment. Another plane. And I'll just drop that casually, like I was in prison another plane for a long time, but for the first 4 months I was back on Talgar. I was known only as the Elf
Mike Sackton: couldn't be bothered to learn my name, the Elf.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): II appreciate the humans, but you could have just been an elf
Timothy Sackton: she introduces herself as Aureli A, and she says. and what is your name?
Timothy Sackton: Looking at? What deal with? I will remember that, and not call you the Alf.
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: ask her her name right. It all sort of glared everybody like how are you calling her descent? I know I know
Mike Sackton: we are.
Mike Sackton: We are returning from a journey to scar
Mike Sackton: scare. Do you
Mike Sackton: destroy a thing that needed to be destroyed?
Timothy Sackton: She kind of nods and smiles and says.
Timothy Sackton: adventures, I take it
Timothy Sackton: we get your guide here a lot
Mike Sackton: we do
Mike Sackton: get around place to place. You would be welcome to
Mike Sackton: attend our
Mike Sackton: gathering tomorrow at our airship.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, II don't do the parties
Mike Sackton: well, you would be welcome to visit if you'd like to see a giants, airship at any time of your choosing.
Timothy Sackton:  I appreciate the offer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Centaur, is the Centaur's. Female.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. And so kind of gives like, go with like a look centaur look
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and kinda like gives Del with a little like just like a little nudge like a little. And then.
Mike Sackton: thanks.
Timothy Sackton: II really I kind of looks at all you and says, are you enjoying the parade? At least.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mellwith is very much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it is true, but
Mike Sackton: diverting.
Mike Sackton: although I don't know that I am the target audience.
Mike Sackton: No, that
Timothy Sackton: it's fun to watch, though it is.
Mike Sackton: it is diverting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, really II know that you don't go to the parties. This is our first time here in Poland. But I think you may enjoy coming to the airship, and certainly, Dell with enjoy your company tomorrow. So speaking for Delw.
Mike Sackton: III whispered. Adela, did you did you mention their address's name.
Timothy Sackton: Did you? Did anybody else mention their address? Tensor was the one who was like, but not this far North.
Timothy Sackton: Hi gave up for migratory life a long time ago.
Timothy Sackton: and I haven't looked back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think you may enjoy coming. I think we'll we have some some interesting into entertainment, and I'm sure Delwich would enjoy spending more time with you.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of sighs a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Humans are always trying to convince you of things.
Timothy Sackton: Do this. Let's do that.
Mike Sackton: That that was the kind of look at her. It's like they think there's no time in the world. Everything has to happen now
Timothy Sackton: just shakes her head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so kind of like leans forward to a seeker and and well be
Mike Sackton: you feel the you. Do you feel the intensity of the connection. I feel
okay.
Mike Sackton: anyway. Sort of
Mike Sackton: dot tariff. Yeah.
Mike Sackton:  enjoy the parade. If you are interested we should be in town at least for
Mike Sackton: a handful of more days that we are
Mike Sackton: always prone to leave suddenly we are.
Mike Sackton: There is
Mike Sackton: but chaos in the world.
Mike Sackton: One is always running hither and fro. trying to prevent it.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: stop running. Then you really get to know a place.
Timothy Sackton: That's what I chose, anyway.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any answer?
Mike Sackton: How. No idea.
Mike Sackton: We have no idea. Would you ask, Mike?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: not as long as that's because nobody does. Yes.
Mike Sackton: my people
Mike Sackton: have, of course, learned that lesson. Well.
Mike Sackton: but I find these
Mike Sackton: that was looks like he's about to say, lesser, but small as the word that other races.
Mike Sackton: their stories are as compelling as
Mike Sackton: places, and to get to know them. You kind of have to follow them around.
Mike Sackton: They don't. they? Don't.
Mike Sackton: They age so quickly. You lose the thread of their wives if you
Mike Sackton: fit in one place for too long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza's just like mesmerized watching deleth clerk with this centaur, and is just kind of Della's just to be clear. By the way, Della does not. Doesn't think that he's actively Kenzo Kenza is like all about this moment, right here, and it's just like holy fuck. It's an help in a centaur, and he's just thinking himself like man. This is what what a crazy, how, how did he end up in this situation in this moment. It's just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very exciting.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many legs will the kids have? You know?
Mike Sackton: Right?
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is there any? Just as the last deal with, I'll say. Is there is there
Mike Sackton: anyone you would
Mike Sackton: recommend to our attention in this city
Mike Sackton: might have stories we would be interested in.
Mike Sackton: We're
Mike Sackton: We've heard rumors of a place called Ersk to the East.
Mike Sackton: and we might be heading there.
Timothy Sackton: I don't concern myself with that. Everybody has stories in this town.
Mike Sackton: Sure they do.
Timothy Sackton: but the real story
Timothy Sackton: taps our hoof on the ground. The ground beneath our feet
Timothy Sackton: echoes that resonate.
Mike Sackton: What's the Fay person's name.
Mike Sackton: Kalen. What do you make of Kalen?
Timothy Sackton: I try not to.
Timothy Sackton: Fay, are not to my taste
Timothy Sackton: to. I'm concerned with the solidity of things.
Timothy Sackton: Again she taps on the ground. This is real.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Enjoy the parade
Mike Sackton: dealt with a kind of
Mike Sackton: having having wait. Did everybody else cross over here, too?
Mike Sackton: Ted's a jumped that was misty-stepped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza is giving the telepathic play by play at least a wellbe.
The
Mike Sackton: oh, you're you're you're muted, Schwartz.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think also that Penzos telepathic
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): play by
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): has a lot of color commentary, just like, Oh, my God! I think Bellwit is hitting on a centaur. It's happening. They're looking at each other. They're talking about like how old they are, and they're demeaning me, and you know, giving this whole. And he's just super like part part of it's cause, you know, I think I think you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kenza, Kenza's potentially has a a slight budding romance going. So he's like kinda kinda sight cited for deal with, and the idea of like an Elf Centaur romance is just so crazy to him that he's like he's just. He's he's just all done very excited. We'll be on the other side of the she's like I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I see them. There's really nothing in their body language that suggests, that's all it is. They're so stiff, but their stiffness is like, it's like magnetic. It's weird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): II
Mike Sackton: you have to see it. You have to see it. That well, be! It's it's amazing. I've never seen dealt with this this awkwardly. I don't know. Something's going on. I just there. There's a vibe the middle of that busy step back next to well, be and seeker, anyway. Say goodbye to the center, and then, like
Mike Sackton: what could well be in secret, she wasn't very communicative.
Mike Sackton: but maybe she'll stop by. I doubt it, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, she's definitely stopping by
Timothy Sackton: as as the parade ends, and everybody begins to sort of drift
Timothy Sackton: to various parties that are beginning to spring up on the
Timothy Sackton: the like. Afternoon and evening of the first day is more like
Timothy Sackton: a a it's more like, you know, street food and dancing right? There's a little bit less of the sort of you know, acrobatics light show. But there's there's games of chance like
Timothy Sackton: you know, there's there's the but like the streets begin to fill with, just like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: musicians striking up music.
Timothy Sackton: kind of
Timothy Sackton: various of the, you know, wealthier merchants and and wealthier people sort of.
Timothy Sackton: you know, putting out small
Timothy Sackton: carts with food.
Timothy Sackton: you know, there's a lot of it's it's cold. So everybody's like, you know, wearing furs and
Timothy Sackton: and warm cloaks and things, and there's a lot of mould, wine and and hot drinks.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of going around
Timothy Sackton: kind of just like a sort of street carnival sort of atmosphere, less less sort of organized into, you know, explicit
Timothy Sackton: parties in these places, and but but you know, different neighborhoods will start to coalesce into sort of almost like almost like block party type atmospheres throughout this afternoon, and then tomorrow is like the sort of grander parties really starting after sunset tonight. This is so tall and man.
Timothy Sackton: So where are you heading? Are you? Gonna you're gonna go to? The isn't gay party.
Timothy Sackton: and as you walk there, what? How are you all dressed? What are you all wearing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penza's got on like a like a big furry, a toll in red toll in red cloak. That's like, you know, quite fashionable. He picked it up he picked it up the the day before after from visiting Cecilia.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers repaired his
Eric Rosenbaum: hair and beard to their usual elaborately graded state, and is wearing his tongue and cloak
Mike Sackton: it
Mike Sackton:  Dallas the same he's wearing like fine clothing
Mike Sackton:  nice cloak that he acquired here, probably also in toll and red. We probably have matching toll and red cloaks. We're all we're all rocking the toll and red. Oh, seeker! Permanently displaying his gemstone goggles
Mike Sackton:  his, but also the colorful. I mean, he's
Mike Sackton: probably mostly I mean, his armor is
Mike Sackton: almost clothing esque right like, so he's probably not carrying his shields, but he does usually would probably be wearing his armor. And so there's that like colorful sort of benefit cloth and fur kind of
Mike Sackton: he has enough, I think, enough
Mike Sackton: style to pull it off, but it's kinda it's actually probably a little bit of a weird outfit like the Colin red wired with ident
Mike Sackton: sort of yellows and blue like it. It
Mike Sackton: a. And then, you know, he has nicely tilted clothes, kind of underneath on top of, etc., like pants, whatever, but I think I think he would. I think he would look quite
Mike Sackton: striking and foreign.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there lots of other elves? Are there other elves in Toland. Have we seen any other elves other than like her hearing about this this old elf guy that we were gonna meet
Timothy Sackton: you met Melinda. There are, I mean, there might be one a few other outs, but that was stands out. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Wealthy has shaped his armor to look like traditional like a very traditionally halfling
festival wear like festive gar like formal occasion garb.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which I think is like brightly colored and patterned. And all there's all this like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): elaborate embroidered network, and these little bits of fringe all over everything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the the tradition is that there's one piece of fringe for every year since time began.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
Timothy Sackton:  okay. So
Timothy Sackton:  you.
Timothy Sackton: you make your way past the sort of
Timothy Sackton: like center of town right up towards Scroll Right Street, where Guy's shop is, and you can see, as you approach, you can see that there's this very
Timothy Sackton:  There's this, like big group of people dancing in a circle, and there's a guy on like an accordion like
Timothy Sackton: standing standing out playing playing music and like.
Timothy Sackton: scattered around the beginning of the of the or the sort of edge of this part of Scroll right street. You can see that there's this
Timothy Sackton: like outside of Guy's shop. There's there's this
Timothy Sackton: like twisting sort of sculpture of a
Timothy Sackton: of like a 2 face jester, basically, which is a depiction of the word like that. You see before that's made out of just like like branches that have been softened and sort of woven into like this elaborate design. So it's sort of hollow in the middle right, but like shaped by bending thin pieces of wood.
Timothy Sackton: And it's set on its head. Is this crap? Like
You
Timothy Sackton: sort of woven
Timothy Sackton: dried like dried flowers, and looks like it's something that's been preserved like
Timothy Sackton: was made a while ago, and was sort of dried and preserved
Timothy Sackton:  in the over. The the course of the past few months is very colorful and bright. And there's a bunch of people sort of dancing. Everybody's wearing masks.
Timothy Sackton: All sorts of different colors like feather masks.
Timothy Sackton: What I'll be like almost doesn't recognize.
Timothy Sackton: You almost don't recognize guy, even though you've seen him like lots of times, just because, like everything, everybody's nobody's wearing toll and red here, like everybody's wearing all of these sort of bright, almost floral colors.
Timothy Sackton:  And Guy, Guy sees you approaching, and and you know, normally he's a pretty sort of stayed sort of laid back sort of guy right like he gets excited about his maps, but like he just kind of keeps his head down in the shop.
Timothy Sackton: He looks like 10 years younger than what you're used to seeing him as though he sort of waves you over, says Wellby, and
Timothy Sackton: you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hey? Else
Timothy Sackton: join us? There's another owl
Timothy Sackton: there's there's at least 2 can't be, thought Alf
Mike Sackton: Dallas, kind of great
Mike Sackton: smiles at him.
Mike Sackton: Don't dance.
Timothy Sackton: eat.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see that there's like this, this table setup. Is not this whole like sort of incredible sort of spread of of food? Not not like sort of the like, you know. Standard, there's like, why, there's mould wine everywhere. There's there's these like sort of
Timothy Sackton: long, skinny sort of pastry, like things that almost look like snakes. There's
Timothy Sackton: bread, there's cheese, there's
Timothy Sackton: there's this like thick kind of jam
Timothy Sackton: tomato jam and there's like a big fire going in the middle of this group of people dancing in the in the circle, I mean is the way as you always like.
Timothy Sackton: hey, you know. Come, join, join the dance. Everybody's welcome. Eat, have fun!
The you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Denzel will will head over and take the opportunity to to dance cause he hasn't danced in a long time, and you know, when he was young, like like when this type of when this event was happening in chartin like he, you know. Obviously he was part of like the kind of street crew kids who would kinda fuck around. And so he kinda brings some of that energy and you know, with some acrobatics, and and you know, let's himself have a little bit of fun right now.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody's dancing hanging out.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can't really wreck. Everybody's wearing masks here right like you can't really recognize anybody. After dancing for a little bit. He's like sort of waves. Waves somebody over on this this
Timothy Sackton: young woman almost girl, maybe 1516. Sort of
Timothy Sackton:  relatively slight and skinny, like hair that's been braided in sort of long braids, with
Timothy Sackton: look like sort of
Timothy Sackton: almost like vines braided into her hair. And she's wearing this relatively, it doesn't look very expensive, but it's it's nicely sort of painted
Timothy Sackton: flower mask that looks like this giant almost like
Timothy Sackton: this giant pattern of roses around her face.
Timothy Sackton: guy sort of dances over to well, being kind of as to him, I'm dragging this
Timothy Sackton: young woman by the hand and says. May I present Sarah de Gray.
Timothy Sackton: He wanted to talk to her right.
Timothy Sackton: Wait! I forget why, he seems pretty drunk.
Timothy Sackton: Sarah kind of
Timothy Sackton: baz her head a little bit shyly.
Mike Sackton: Why did we wanna talk to her? Do you remember, Schwartz? Can't we can't hear you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How about now?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I didn't realize there was a mute button on the physical headphones itself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  I don't remember. I feel like it was from when we were following up all the possible leads simultaneously.  But as long as we've got her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we see what she knows about Ersk?
Mike Sackton: If anything share
Eric Rosenbaum: definitely wait, wasn't she from the
Mike Sackton: we should maybe mention yeah. So what she knows about her hometown
Mike Sackton: isn't gay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I'll I'll tell you the story of flying over isn't gay, and the the acid spore thing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and what we saw then. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  she kind of looks that
Timothy Sackton: guy like. who is this person who's telling these horrible stories at a party
Timothy Sackton: and kind of kind of like
Timothy Sackton: like.
Timothy Sackton: and it's hard to read facial expressions behind all these giant masks. Right?
Timothy Sackton: But but she sort of lasts nervously, and she kind of blows it off, and you see it as she does. There's like a
Timothy Sackton: for a moment you get this like whiff of of roses coming out of her hand, and she sort of
Timothy Sackton: oh, that's
Timothy Sackton: we, weren't. We weren't ever gonna go back, anyway. It was destroyed long ago. That's old news.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're thinking of traveling next east towards Ersk.
Timothy Sackton: and wondering if you might know, or who might know of maps and news and ways to go. I think. Think you're mistaking me for somebody important. She kind of again laughs a little bit, and like kind of grabs. Well, be by the arm and and dances shyly a little bit.
Timothy Sackton:  I don't know about Ersk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you know someone at the university who might
Timothy Sackton: she? She
Timothy Sackton: kind of like is dancing around trying to like. Get you to dance in a circle and stop talking a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And she kind of waves over
Timothy Sackton: another
Timothy Sackton:  another man
Timothy Sackton: who's older like.
Timothy Sackton: even even in his mask, and his bright clothes like clearly has a sort of professorial heir to him.
Timothy Sackton:  And and Sarah kind of laughs, and is like, I don't.
Timothy Sackton: You could talk to Hugo.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
I don't know what you expect me to know.
Timothy Sackton: I just got here a couple of years ago.
Timothy Sackton:  And she kind of like dances in a little bit of a circle, and kind of and kind of bows, and like grabs. One of the snake pastries and sort of breaks in the pan.
Timothy Sackton: grabs another mug of wine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We will, Bill, thank her with great
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pump, and you know, do another turn of the dance and then introduce himself and all of us to Hugo.
Timothy Sackton:  so you're kind of you're like. The music is still going right, and everybody's
Timothy Sackton: Hugo, as you sort of come over in this direction. You know. He's he's probably like at least.
Timothy Sackton: you know. 65, 70, and maybe not in the absolute best of health, and so he's not. You know. The dancing is a little bit
Timothy Sackton: clearly like he's not like. He's not like a 16 year, old girl, right? He's like he's like ponderous and and a little bit slow, and his breathing's a little bit labored as he, as he like bends over to catch his breath briefly.
Timothy Sackton: and and sees that Sarah was was pointing at you
Timothy Sackton: like sort of pointing and motioning for you, and he says.
Timothy Sackton:  Baffling at our party
Timothy Sackton: and looks around quite the crew. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: I'm Hugo.
Timothy Sackton: What were you talking to, Sarah about?
Timothy Sackton: One sec. And you click grab, Zig happen
Timothy Sackton: not wine. He looks like he's drinking like water, or some sort of flavor
Timothy Sackton: sparkling beverage that's not wine. It's set
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well, strange enough. We're headed East to Ersk, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hoping to find someone who might help us make our way there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know what to expect.
Timothy Sackton: But why are you going there?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trade and adventure, because we've never been
Timothy Sackton: offs a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: You must be a friend of guys. Huh?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, indeed. The one who always wants to go to the blank spots on the map.
Timothy Sackton: He collects people like you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're a good bunch.
Timothy Sackton:  did Sarah say I knew something about Ersk?
I think if I'm being honest, she was mostly trying to get rid of me
Timothy Sackton: kids these days. Just want to dance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I think I badly misjudged telling her the story of what we saw when we flew over isn't gay last week.
Timothy Sackton: It looks
Timothy Sackton: looks quite curious, actually.
Timothy Sackton: What did you see? You glue over? Isn't the guy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  Yeah. So I'll tell the story of of what was there and what we saw.
Timothy Sackton: He looks. He looks sort of concerned like like he's thinking.
Timothy Sackton: that is very interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Not know what it means exactly.
Timothy Sackton: but this was not known to us.
Timothy Sackton: There are some of us
Timothy Sackton: not so much here. but there is still a dream in some parts of them is in his diaspora to return
Timothy Sackton: someday
Timothy Sackton: me and my family. We've
Timothy Sackton: made our life here in Poland for several generations. Now
Timothy Sackton: bye.
Timothy Sackton: I exchange letters sometimes
Timothy Sackton: with those to the South.
Timothy Sackton: Sarah's father actually.
Timothy Sackton:  Folks who settle in the duchy of Masau, and the re-founded alliance of Arbaz.
Timothy Sackton: This intelligence would be of great interest to many. There
Timothy Sackton: I will write and share your story, but perhaps you would visit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'd be glad to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if our travels take us that way.
Timothy Sackton: how many side quests can I give you in one session?
Timothy Sackton: But this part of the world Mike's already made up so I wouldn't have to do anything.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Timothy Sackton: And then he says.
Timothy Sackton: but come, today is not a day for politics.
Timothy Sackton: Have you? Have you eaten? Have you had your fill.
la! And
Timothy Sackton: the dance is kind of unfamiliar.
Timothy Sackton: Meet up on same Owen. Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: couple of women get up and start singing. Everybody kind of quies and pauses for a moment. It looks in the direction
la so, but
with Sauge. do not me. Give me stead me. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: your people should know about Ersk. If you want to go there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we'll get to talking with them, too, reaching out to everyone we can. It's a hard place to get solid information on this fascinating actually.
Timothy Sackton: if you do go, I would be very curious
Timothy Sackton: mute, for any information about the divinities of that place
Timothy Sackton: must know
Timothy Sackton: I'm well known as a scholar of comparative divinity, theological science.
Timothy Sackton: Hugo Hugo Dupont. I'm sure you've heard of me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you ever invest in those fields?
A.
Timothy Sackton: But, Ersk. There are no records.
Timothy Sackton: The forms that God's take in that land
a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): especially a fascinating matter of scholarly debate.
Timothy Sackton: Is it possible for there to be a place with no gods.
A.
Timothy Sackton: Each course on this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turns out, if you have a magical cloak to make that Adam.
Timothy Sackton: what sort of magical cloak has this power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penza doesn't say that out loud. I was I was
Timothy Sackton: have to be clearer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, III just, I said, that we'll we'll be a glance around to the other 3, or even ping telepathically anything else for him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, Nope, gods! That's interesting, Inersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: we might ask him what the effects on lay people, if might be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, such a difference. Maybe he doesn't.
One side
Timothy Sackton: sort of at you. pointed Larry.
Timothy Sackton: Your people are quite secretive about their
Timothy Sackton: gods. Only 2 outsiders.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! Sure
Timothy Sackton: there are some interesting notes
Timothy Sackton: written by a
Timothy Sackton: long ago scholar at this university.
See?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do the humans say of halfling gods.
mommy's at a Jew. But he's
Timothy Sackton: I've not made that my area of focus right? Believe
Timothy Sackton: it is more productive. Those of us interested in the science of theology to study the prayers of humans, for humans are the only ones. According to
Timothy Sackton: more of the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's move on.
Timothy Sackton: he goes on for like 10 more minutes, as you slowly sort of like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: wind him down a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: I do wish you luck in your journey to Erskine.
Timothy Sackton: It would be quite interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Read your notes if you find anything
Timothy Sackton: you make it there.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: the the like. 2 women who are up singing have stopped now and then sort of dance circles back up again.
Timothy Sackton: But again, today is not the day.
Timothy Sackton: Even an old professor like me has to dance sometimes as like some, you know, middle-aged woman sort of grabs him into the circle as he's going past, and you like. He's
Timothy Sackton: he seems like a little bit torn like he wants to keep talking to you, but you're clearly sort of backing away, so just goes along with the flow.
Timothy Sackton: Time passes, and like chill in this little street party
Timothy Sackton: dancing, eating
Timothy Sackton: sun begins to drift lower in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: comes towards around dusk.
Timothy Sackton: What do you want to do next?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else we want to do at this party, or do we go to be at a university?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we got it. Yeah, I think I keep going
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Then go to the university party. Try to find this. The scholar guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you know, you
Timothy Sackton: wander through the university. Is not actually that far from here, right? So Magna Street or Magna Street is where the University is in the school. Right
Timothy Sackton: Lane connects Magnet Street to a bunch of the temples. It is one of the like big thoroughfares.
Timothy Sackton: Rutolan, and and you sort of wander.
Timothy Sackton: you know there's music, there's like, you know.  you know. Still, people sort of dancing, and although people are starting to like you get the sense that
Timothy Sackton: the first night people don't necessarily stay up all night like it. You know things are as the sun sets. Things are beginning to wind down a little bit, and a lot of the
Timothy Sackton: flow of people seems to be moving towards the University now, like.
Timothy Sackton: like, you know, this is like the scene for the for the first night.  And as you, as you approach just past sunset
Timothy Sackton: like this big courtyard in front of the one of the main halls of the university, is completely lit up
Timothy Sackton: like magic lamps everywhere, like 20 sort of globes of light just floating at different heights in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: all different colors.
Timothy Sackton: and underneath, like these lights, you can see
Timothy Sackton: what looks like like a small.
Timothy Sackton: It's like a ring that's got like a
Timothy Sackton: sort of like us, not exactly a stage, but like it's just an area that's been cleared. And there's like
Timothy Sackton: people playing car, people playing dice. There's like all sorts of these, like just sort of games and chance, right? There's like a you know
Timothy Sackton: toss-up.
Timothy Sackton:  I don't know. Flip a giant coin and see where it ends up, like, you know, spinning top games, dice, games,
Timothy Sackton: and and there's people.
Timothy Sackton:  you know, just kind of like shouting and like trying is. It's almost like everybody's trying to get into their game right like there's everybody is just noisy. It's raucous.
Timothy Sackton: It's brightly lit up. Much younger crowd, right? This isn't necessarily point of multigeneration
Timothy Sackton: like this. Seems like it's mostly a student crown at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: but people are beginning to drift in from other parties now.
Timothy Sackton: The university doors are thrown open, and, like the student.
Timothy Sackton: all of these like halls that are like the you know. the you know hall of whatever
Timothy Sackton: college, right? Like the masters rooms, everything. It's just these feasts laid out everywhere like
Timothy Sackton: fried fish.
Timothy Sackton: mall
Timothy Sackton: wine.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, like donuts. I don't know. Lots of lots of diverse foods, but lots of seafood, right like there's oysters on the half shell all over the place, while oysters makes like a donut seafood snack and like it's just experimenting.
Timothy Sackton: and actually right a lot of things are.
Timothy Sackton:  you know
Timothy Sackton: a lot of these. A lot of foods are
Timothy Sackton: like there's probably some like traditional food. I didn't make it upright, but like this. some like theme, right of some traditional food for them. for the festival
Timothy Sackton:  And also, it's just like, you know, these are
Timothy Sackton: places, and the university's not like
Timothy Sackton: these dining halls are not like open to the public
Timothy Sackton: right? So there's also just like, like, you know, gawkers like people who are full like they ate a lot of food already, or whatever don't necessarily wanna gamble.
Timothy Sackton: They're just like curious, like they wander in just to kind of check out
Timothy Sackton: the elaborate architecture of the hall, or the sort of
Timothy Sackton: fancy dining room of them. And and again, almost everybody is wearing costumes here, like the younger, especially at the university. Like the younger you are, the more likely you are to be wearing some sort of
Timothy Sackton: elaborate mask. Right? There's there's definitely like people. I mean, you see here more than if it isn't gay party. You see, you know, people who are kinda clearly
Timothy Sackton: no like the street crews, right like the you know the beggars and
Timothy Sackton: the sort of lowest strata of society are are really basically coming here for the food, right? So you see, people
Timothy Sackton: clustered around the tables who are like wolfing down as much as they could eat, clearly malnourished most of the time.
Timothy Sackton:  yeah, there's no grad student union at polling you, huh, Tim. Actual grad student. No, mostly these are mostly not students, right? These are
Timothy Sackton: generally have to be fairly wealthy to be a student at the University, because, like you have to pay your.
Timothy Sackton: You have to pay the lecturers.
Timothy Sackton: These are like just the people like, you know, the beggars on Scholarly street, or something. Who are, you know, drifting into the university to take advantage of the of the free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So then go go start asking around for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for? yeah, Jonathan Hawker.
Timothy Sackton: yeah. So I mean, you spend a little while you spend, you know, an hour or 2 just kind of mingling
Timothy Sackton: through the party. And you eventually
Timothy Sackton: you you sort of wind your way through the university a little bit right? It's all this, you know.
like everywhere there are magic lights.
Timothy Sackton: The whole Lake district. Magna Street itself is like lit up in these magic lights. There's illusions right? You see.
Timothy Sackton: there's dancing lights. There's lights that float around multi colored lights that will chase you and then explode in a flash of reds and greens.
Timothy Sackton:  and there's you know, as you sort of meander through like maybe even a little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: Thomas Hawk is is impossible to miss. There's
Timothy Sackton: there's a small stage set up
Timothy Sackton: in a sort of
Timothy Sackton: interior courtyard somewhere on the University campus. And this courtyard is is packed right? It's like the interiors of a cloisters. That sort of thing. It's like crammed with people.
Timothy Sackton: and and Thomas is standing. He's, you know, maybe maybe early thirties sort of very nicely styled wavy brown hair, elegant face, wearing, you know, extremely nice clothes.
Timothy Sackton: and and
Timothy Sackton: this elaborate sort of elaborate costume. Not he is not wearing. He's wearing. He's wearing a very subtle mask. Right? He's just like right around his eyes, and so you can see most of his face clearly, doesn't clearly wants to be seen.
Timothy Sackton:  and he is in the midst of
Timothy Sackton: performing a reading. From what you guess is one of his monologues from probably presumably one of his plays. Right? He's he's a playwright. He's
Timothy Sackton: developing a name for himself.
Timothy Sackton: and this is a monologue that is the tale of a sailor.
Timothy Sackton: The monologue of a sailor stranded, shipwrecked on an island.
Timothy Sackton: who is bemoaning the mistakes he made
Timothy Sackton: all of the like choices that went wrong in his life.
and
Timothy Sackton: praying to the word leg, the weird leg.  That has luck, change that
Timothy Sackton: you know these
Timothy Sackton: all of these times, when his life could have gone one way or the other balanced on a nice edge, and the coin flipped to the battle just once.
Timothy Sackton: You know the coin, the coin spins, and it's, you know.
Timothy Sackton: full of. I'm not a famous playwright, right? This is like full of sort of. you know, stylish language, and
Timothy Sackton: you know terms of phrases that will become famous in 20 years that sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: but it's all about just asking for one more.
Timothy Sackton: One more flip of the dice and
Timothy Sackton: one more flip of the coin, and asking the word, Lin.
Timothy Sackton: just this once make it come up heads
Timothy Sackton: and you, and it's like the scene is set like
Timothy Sackton: shipwrecked.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: looking for a way off this island. Basically, am I gonna die here?
Timothy Sackton: You don't know this play. You don't know what where, what the context is or what happens next. It's clearly like a famous model of a rope.
Timothy Sackton: a monologue. People like to recite and like people are, people are into it right? He's Thomas is clearly
Timothy Sackton: soaking in the adoration of the crowd.
Timothy Sackton: and you sort of watch as as the monologue comes to a close, and there's cheers, and and
Timothy Sackton: you know. Exclamations. Any any powers, any yes. ways to the crowd.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Tells everybody. Calm down, calm down. There'll be more later. Needs to refresh his voice.
you know, begins to just sort of go and mingle a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: You can tell that he's spotted.
Timothy Sackton: He spotted Dell with. He spotted the like weird non the like trio of dwarf human. But again, you see, almost no dwarves
Timothy Sackton: outdoor halfling, you see, almost no dwarves at
Timothy Sackton:  caravalla. and he's mingling, but he's definitely making his way in your direction.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I'm
Mike Sackton: slightly falling sleep. But remind me why we want you to talk to this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's he's somebody that got recommended to talk to, who got information out first.
Timothy Sackton: He just had stories.
Timothy Sackton: He's a collector. Escobar told Kenza that he was a collector of stories and tales.
Timothy Sackton: and he might know things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He might know things about jade
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pieces, and you know, godless.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know some interesting rumors. He's a little side quest machine
Mike Sackton: got it.
Timothy Sackton: and he he sort of he's meandering through the crowd, and he's clearly like sort of approaching you. And he he gives you a little bow, and he he looks
Timothy Sackton:  not all of you sort of taking you in. says, in a sort of flowery.
Timothy Sackton:  elegant voice.
Timothy Sackton: an unusual crowd for a parallel evening.
Timothy Sackton: What brings you out here tonight?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We heard that, of course. Of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roll he says, right tongue in cheek, right like is like we've we've heard we've heard tale that you're you're a teller of tale
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we're collectors of stories. We're interested in learning more of of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some of the more eccentric things that have happened in this land. Tales, for example, of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know mysterious men with jade shards or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: godless
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cities to the East. Anything, anything you've heard make a make a personalization check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage
Timothy Sackton: now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, 15,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then seeker inspires me. So I get an extra what?
Timothy Sackton: Wendy 10,
Eric Rosenbaum: the Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 16 in total. actually 17 in total.
Timothy Sackton: He he kind of laughs. There are many tales. Oh, and I got circular islands. Little
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: little demon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems like you may have tales to tell yourself
Timothy Sackton: this is a
Timothy Sackton: strange crew, perhaps the subject of my next play.
Mike Sackton: That was a sort of
Mike Sackton: Kenzo is a professional collector of tale
Mike Sackton: is quite the interest in in hearing them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo Kenzo, like like step up like, you know, kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: slams a staff down, and then, you know, does a little cant trip, and like kind of different colored lights, start swirling and animating
Mike Sackton: colorful figures and and things from from stock going up. If if your tail is worthy.
Mike Sackton: dell with, can even
Kenzo can even
Mike Sackton: sort of points at the flickering lights. I've seen him
Mike Sackton: record tales of that. That's staff.
Mike Sackton: but only the best of only the best of tales.
Mike Sackton: of course.
Mike Sackton: Well. B. On the other hand, is a professional tale. Oh, our point to well be  as many halflings, I'm sure you're aware. Well, be as
Mike Sackton: spread the tales of our adventures amongst his community, and
Mike Sackton: show a delight in telling you the tale.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A tail, or if your tails were of sufficient quality. Perhaps your tails could also be spread far and wide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: timelessly, as the halflings do.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and well be, of course. Take some time to tell our tails. Perhaps perhaps we could exchange some stories.
Mike Sackton: My companions. I don't
Mike Sackton: not much of a tell-teller myself with the tail. Your tail ends up in many tails.
Mike Sackton: I do have some tales from the great war
Mike Sackton: times of that
Mike Sackton: that distant past, but
Mike Sackton: prefer not to dwell on such dark days.
Mike Sackton: except.
Mike Sackton: perhaps, if a playwright needed materials for a history.
Mike Sackton: I'll see that in the exact same sort of self, deprecating tongue, in cheek tone that he
Timothy Sackton: tales are always the grist for a brighter morning.
Timothy Sackton: There can be no sunrise without the ninth.
Timothy Sackton: Without war. There are no tales of heroism.
Timothy Sackton: or not discount such dark tales, but I digress.
Mike Sackton: I prefer the tales of good roast fish, or and I'll describe some Alvin feast right like. You know.
Timothy Sackton: there is no excitement there. There is nothing that
Timothy Sackton: draws in the crowds. There's no moment when
Mike Sackton: such a human need, excitement, no moment when
Timothy Sackton: the shipwreck sailor Jeffrey
Timothy Sackton: praised the gods. and is rescued
Timothy Sackton: by the colossal whale Luminescra.
Timothy Sackton: who takes him to the deep oceans.
Timothy Sackton: where he discovers an underwater realm teeming with vibrant life and forgotten wonders, luminous cities, and hidden pockets of magic
Timothy Sackton: couldn't have that tale without that moment of doubt, that moment and all is lost.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: those are the stories I tell.
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to hear
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any stories about a mysterious man
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: collecting shards of jade?
Timothy Sackton: That's when I have not written that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But have you heard such deals?
Mike Sackton: II hear many stories.
Timothy Sackton: What would you? Hmm!
You're
Mike Sackton: I wonder if a man of your
Mike Sackton: breadth of knowledge? No, I lost the chat where I
Mike Sackton: wrote this down when I when I had to restart zoom, I lost the chat. Can you paste the
Mike Sackton: can you just paste the link? Do you have the link to the dell with vision
Mike Sackton: from Ersk convenient?
Mike Sackton: I wonder if a man of your
Mike Sackton: wide story, telling
Mike Sackton: and knowledge would know who or what? Rodney
Mike Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: Anya Rodney? Yeah, rattan? Yeah. Hmm. Rodnia.
Timothy Sackton: where did you say, Rodney? Volknan volkn has a
Timothy Sackton: riding near Voknell as it sounds? Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: huh? Sounds foreign.
Timothy Sackton: interesting
Timothy Sackton: sounds like.
And
Timothy Sackton: Zucker like.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know that city?
Mike Sackton: Hello!
Timothy Sackton: I am not the one to tell. Just tell. Very well, I must say this is not so interested in stories of
Timothy Sackton: merchants and
money and
Timothy Sackton: strange closed foreign cities.
Timothy Sackton: There is no romance there, there is no magic.
you
Timothy Sackton: simple mercantile exchange. Zaka Prasnisky is
Timothy Sackton: cities to the east where the halflings go, and then
Timothy Sackton: dyers go with their secrets.
Timothy Sackton: It's what it sounds like.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come by this term.
Mike Sackton: Would you believe I told you I saw it in a mirror?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes, mirrors don't get me started on mirrors.
Mike Sackton: Actually.
Mike Sackton: I forget what I have, what my scribe focuses.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's a silver bowl. That's okay. Close enough. Silver mirror. Yeah. Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: There is a tail.
Timothy Sackton: Not think it is true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: even better.
Timothy Sackton: There was a wizard once a wanderer came from Tolan and left
Timothy Sackton: searching for plane of mirrors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I met him. He was pretty cool.
Timothy Sackton: Wait. He's real
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): totally voice changes. He's like, totally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. He lives on the islands on the eastern edge of the green Sea, about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2,000 miles east of here, plus or minus.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He got stuck in one of his own mirror dimensions. I helped him escape. He is a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a genuinely nice guy.
Timothy Sackton: He's like stunned into silence for Matt.
Timothy Sackton: I did not so think such a thing could be real
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and fairness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I definitely didn't, either, until I saw it myself.
Timothy Sackton: Been out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You've been to the other side of the ocean where the islands move, and then Kenko are white like seagulls. This is a fascinating question. How much time do we have. So my current working theory is that it just keeps on going in definitely into the elemental plane of water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that the endless ocean is not just a euphemism, but in fact, it really is endless.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I haven't tested this, but also begs the question, what happens if you sell West? I would love to write down some of your tales.
Timothy Sackton: Would you mind? He takes out a little piece of paper
Timothy Sackton: before you start? This isn't gonna be one of those cale in the face situations where, like I no longer have the tail, or like, I forget this tale existed, or something like that. No, no, no, my friends, I would never do such a thing. Tales are precious, your stories are who you are.
Timothy Sackton: I would never take away that part of your soul.
Timothy Sackton: All I would do is share it with the world.
Timothy Sackton: Put it in one of my plays the story. what was his name? Aaron? The story of R and the Wanderer, the Mirror Dimension, and the Magic islands.
Timothy Sackton: People would love that.
Timothy Sackton: I could change your name, or I could make you famous. Your preference.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  it's not a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well be being faced with. This invitation suddenly realizes he is uncomfortable sharing these stories with non-ass.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, maybe change my name.
Timothy Sackton: of course, of course I wouldn't want to make you uncomfortable. Now.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps you tell me a story, then I tell you a story.
Timothy Sackton: he whispers to his to his quill and tosses the like
Timothy Sackton: paper out, and it just begins writing as well be talks in the air, and occasionally he'll like whisper to it like, change that word.
Timothy Sackton: and I assume you just tell him the story. Barn. Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How quaint paper! Thinks Welby to himself.
Timothy Sackton: I love it.
Timothy Sackton: I love it, drama, excitement.
Timothy Sackton: a moment of danger when all seemed lost.
Timothy Sackton: and victory in the end. Perfect story!
Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Now
Timothy Sackton: hails of
Timothy Sackton: what did you ask for circular islands that I do not know. I am sorry.
Mike Sackton: Do you know anything?
How have a quick huddle among the 4 of us? Real quick
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): deal with go
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: a polyon drink, or I seen the same the last days, the downfall of a poly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but also pieces of jade nearby at I mean. Yeah, for for
Mike Sackton: if you know, I mean the the vision Deleth had was
Mike Sackton: this guy
Mike Sackton: didn't see the jade right? The story was just that
Mike Sackton: this guy bottom are
Mike Sackton: had
Mike Sackton: II just knew from some magical source that he had. Appe had found a piece of jar north, and then had given it to.
Mike Sackton: I believe the implication was he had given it to Rodney Baknas, which I can't tell from context. If it's a group.
Mike Sackton: a group, or a person but
Mike Sackton: got it, got it? No like. There was no implication that the jade was publicly. No, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we could ask whatever. He's got regular islands, Francor, flying Dimatars.
Mike Sackton: We are.
Mike Sackton: I would say. We are particularly interested in the
Mike Sackton: last days of Dranquire.
Mike Sackton: and any true tales you might have
Mike Sackton: of Apollion, the last Emperor.
Mike Sackton: and drankor's downfall.
Timothy Sackton: This is ancient history, my friend, not
Timothy Sackton: living stories.
Timothy Sackton: If you wish to know that dry details of what happened a thousand years ago or more. Well.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know some boring friends who study history?
Timothy Sackton: One of them lectures on
Timothy Sackton: oh, what was the name of that book? The the book that you that Olga got the list of all the Dracorn
Timothy Sackton: given the same lecture for the past 25 years. I'm sure he could give that lecture to you as well.
Timothy Sackton: If you study a book like that long enough, you're bound to pick up some obscure details. Of course
Timothy Sackton: that's not a story.
Timothy Sackton: It's like drama.
Mike Sackton: You may not know any stories of drama from all of the Empire just admitted. If that's true.
Mike Sackton: 1,000 weeks ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how about jealousies and revenge
in the Dunmari Royal family.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He he probably doesn't know that story
Timothy Sackton: not hurt. Well, I heard I did hear one story of jealousy and revenge among the Dunbar world family.
You're
Timothy Sackton: it was a story you brought.
Timothy Sackton: Austin Town?
Mike Sackton:  well, I I'll say telepathic life. This feels a little like a fishing expedition. Do we have anything else. You wanna try this guy? Let's go with it
Timothy Sackton: now. Did not think this was a true story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but perhaps
Timothy Sackton: so, of course you heard.
Timothy Sackton: The excerpt
Timothy Sackton: from my, from my play.
Timothy Sackton: the song of the whale's embrace
Timothy Sackton: happen fascinated when I was writing that
play
Timothy Sackton: by the strange myths of the deep ocean.
Timothy Sackton: You know there are many
Timothy Sackton: tales, in fact, will be your story of the
Timothy Sackton: sailing east to the plain of Water.
Timothy Sackton: Believe you can also sail down to the plane.
Timothy Sackton: There are stories of chasms in the in the Western Gulf that
Timothy Sackton: go to infinity.
Timothy Sackton: But this is not the tale I want to tell you not the tale of Jane. The tale of Jane comes to us from the west.
Timothy Sackton: the endless ocean on the other side of the continent
Timothy Sackton: west of Chardon.
Timothy Sackton: There, it is said.
Tell, as it was told to me.
Timothy Sackton: was that there is a garden of jade.
Timothy Sackton: the bottom of a deep ocean.
Timothy Sackton: This garden of jade is tended to
Timothy Sackton: by creatures of the sea, by murfolk. They're calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: live, and breathe water.
Timothy Sackton: they sing songs
Timothy Sackton: to the Garden of jade.
Timothy Sackton: songs of Magic
Timothy Sackton: Songs of Light.
Timothy Sackton: This is where I got Luminescra from. Luminescra
Timothy Sackton: takes the sailor Jeffrey to a garden
play.
Timothy Sackton: and this garden in this garden he has bathed in it magical green light in my story from
Timothy Sackton: from coral, from green coral living things, because jade does not feel right. Jade is not a live doesn't pulse with the
living energy.
Timothy Sackton: Then he sort of glances at. But you assume Kenza's carrying his staff right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. We showed him his staff, I mean. Kenza did the whole thing where he sort of glances over Kenza staff and like looks at it for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: puzzle curious at the 2 pieces of jade.
Timothy Sackton: But the story I heard from the West.
Timothy Sackton: It was a tale
Timothy Sackton: of this jade garden, tended by lizard, by Murfolk.
Timothy Sackton: and in this garden they would grow.
Timothy Sackton: they would grow
Timothy Sackton: well. They said they would grow names. not know what that meant. Maybe
Timothy Sackton: stories. Maybe
Timothy Sackton: maybe they would grow
Timothy Sackton: things. Maybe they would grow new creations that had never been seen before. New images, new dreams.
Timothy Sackton: any case, glade of names under the ocean made of jade.
Timothy Sackton: Wonder. Maybe, if it's a mistranslation, maybe, instead of name.
growl
Timothy Sackton: as a puzzle.
Timothy Sackton: How do you grow? Names caught my eye that that detail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's beautiful.
Timothy Sackton: but it is sad in the story.
Timothy Sackton: But this part of the ocean, this Jane garden, is in
Timothy Sackton: so deep the sun does not reach it. it is dark except for the glow of the jade
Timothy Sackton: and the murfolk there
Timothy Sackton: depend on the jade
Timothy Sackton: provides light which their plants grow by provides light to feed. Attract the fish that they eat.
Timothy Sackton: sir.
Timothy Sackton: kind of a beautiful image actually of a green sun underneath the ocean.
Timothy Sackton: but powers a garden of names
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what it all means. Well, that's not my concern
Timothy Sackton: west of Chardon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Add that to the side quest list.
Mike Sackton: Well serious. This is not carried away, but once we get the pieces of rice hand we gotta go to the jade garden to get it repaired and turn back into something
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that makes sense.
Mike Sackton: Pieces of rise. Hand is in, fell into the deep ocean now, or it's there, right? Or one of them fell into the deep ocean. Wait! Do we know where all 5 pieces are?
Mike Sackton: Yup! One fell into a snowy waist. Yeah, one fell into a jungle.
Timothy Sackton: One fell into the deep ocean. One fell into the Dunmari Desert, and one fell into the other wood.
Mike Sackton: loose interpretation of we know where they are. Well, deep ocean we have to the elder wood of the Denmark Desert jungle, deep ocean, and
Mike Sackton: and the northern way. So we we have a lead on the northern way. So now we have a lead on the the Murfook, who sing to jade totally no look better game. Tim shot down very strongly all of our other story ideas, so that we had to take this story. No, because he literally doesn't care about history, I know, I know, but
Mike Sackton: but you had to give us the side quest. So you know the side quest isn't gave the city. We flew over that held. Yeah, go to the people. There's like the whole community of refugees that
Mike Sackton: care a lot about the city. This place to the South, called the refounded alliance of ours our, and so we should go there and tell them that we know what's going on with their city. Then they'll hire us to go clean it up and figure out what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Mike Sackton: But to that part I don't need to be higher level to deal with a giant living pool of acid that
Timothy Sackton: easily attacked your skyship from 400 feet away. That is a good point.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, let's see, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and hinting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should we?
Timothy Sackton: I don't think
Timothy Sackton: it's getting late in game 2
Timothy Sackton: after you've talked to Thomas for a while.  After the student party.
Mike Sackton: It's it's almost midnight, and Eric and Mike are falling asleep. So I was just saying, would it be worth very quickly telling us what happened? I don't feel great need to role play it. But do we get? Is there anything from what's her name? The
Mike Sackton: don't forge your person?
Timothy Sackton: What? The stone born? Oh, yeah, that's that's quick. Let's do that. Let's so. You.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Are you satisfied with the student party? Do you want to interact more beer Pong with the students in them. Yeah, yeah. So you, Kenzo stays off. And I don't actually okay. So yes. So the next next day.
Mike Sackton: at some point, you'll probably need to do preparations for your party. But like you can squeeze that into a couple of hours of magic.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, deal with us. Gonna get up pre dawn like 2, 8 3 am. Like he'll stay at the party till 11, and then come back and like. Meditate for a couple of hours, then be totally refreshed and like
Mike Sackton: like, when you wake up that was bustling around preparing for the party right?
Mike Sackton: And do all of that until I mean he's gonna step out for half an hour to go to. What's your name? And
Mike Sackton: the dire skilled party at like 5, otherwise spend the whole day prepare.
Timothy Sackton: So it's so now. Tuesday, you go. You go to visit
Timothy Sackton:  She
Mike Sackton: like is strangely, is like super excited to see you like you haven't seen her show emotion. We bring the scar steal to. Yeah, she's less excited about that.
Timothy Sackton: She tells you that this metal on your shadow breastplate it's called in Kaye.
Timothy Sackton: It's a metal that's discussed in the ancient Laura of her people. But she did not think she would ever see it. And it's a metal that's specifically absorbs
Timothy Sackton: and retains extra planner energy.
Timothy Sackton: He tells you this one's absorbed tons of energy from the shadow file. It seems to have been in a shadow realm for many, many years
Timothy Sackton: like a lifetime. That's true. She doesn't know where it came from. She has no idea like where this this might have
Timothy Sackton: originated.
Timothy Sackton: but she can reshape that
Timothy Sackton: she can make it into a ring or something else. It'll take like a week or more, but in the process she can
Timothy Sackton: leave it empty.
Timothy Sackton: She doesn't have the power to like. Fill it with some other extra planner essence.
Mike Sackton: Okay. but she can use full.
Timothy Sackton: Turn it from a shadow shard to whatever smaller sheet. Now she'll take half of that for her own use.
Timothy Sackton: so it can't be a big thing. It can be like a ring or a necklace, or you know
Timothy Sackton: the bracelet something like that.
Timothy Sackton:  Now, what you do with a piece of metal that can absorb extra planar energy is for you to figure out. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: that sounds worth having.
Timothy Sackton: She's happy to make things from scarce deal for you.
Timothy Sackton: depends on what you want again. She'll take payment in material. So
Timothy Sackton: you've got 5 pounds plus like you got a lot right.
Timothy Sackton: Got the weapons you've got
Timothy Sackton: like 8 swords and 4 spears, plus
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 5 pounds of raw metal. Something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you.
Mike Sackton: That's a good idea.
Mike Sackton: We we don't. I mean, I don't know what would be most useful. We don't have to figure that right now. But yes.
Timothy Sackton: we can figure that, that doesn't. We don't have to use session time to figure out what you would make out of it. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  yeah, you can. This one's gonna be so grateful. It's like, Thank you. You thought of you. And here's this really great spoon collection. We'll make her like a sweet hammer or something. I'm just, you know. She's got a magic hammer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But really, really beautiful figurines of all of us are the people you were protected
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a tiny metal collectible training cards with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we'll make her a speech shield. So anyway, we can think about.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and we can think about what you want. I mean, I mean, we should get some arrowheads for wellbe. Yeah, definitely. I mean, you could get.
Timothy Sackton: I'll sort of you figure out what you want, and I'll like, figure out how much you could make and what's gonna be. Laugh. Dallas wants to make his shield. Better? Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Or my armor either. One. Right?
Mike Sackton: We want Rizman a shield and well, be some arrows. That would be perfect.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: so again. We can sort that out. But she's happy to. She's basically just gonna take
Timothy Sackton: a chunk of whatever you she's making stuff out of his payment. So you'll be able to make slightly less than otherwise if you want. I mean
Timothy Sackton: she doesn't really want coin, but if you find you don't have quite enough scarce steel. Then you could probably
Timothy Sackton: convince her to take coin instead. But scarce deal is quite precious, so it would be a fair bit of coin.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, we don't need to worry about that now you can figure out what you want, and then we'll sort session.
Mike Sackton: But definitely a weirdo ring to absorb God knows what sounds perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just keep an eye out on it and make sure Seeger doesn't steal it.
Mike Sackton: He makes magic rings.
Mike Sackton: No, she's she's taking dell with shadow armor, watching the shadow from it and making a ring that will absorb Planar energy
Mike Sackton: from whatever plane we go to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like pandemonium. Some
Mike Sackton: totally, absolutely. Not?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. That seems like it would be bad. You don't want to carry around a pandemonium ring. That sounds like our Boria might be interesting.
Mike Sackton: The Alvin plane of growth, the nature plane of growth and stuff like that that could be interesting or like the plane of water. Maybe if we're heading to the elemental plate of water having a ring of the like.
Mike Sackton: There's some options fire
Mike Sackton: always sort of interesting. Well, we're gonna have at least one water adventure before this campaign is over. That's exciting. Yeah, we're going to the jade garden. We're gonna finally meet the Murphy that Tim keep. Tim keeps hinting at in power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So I think that's a good place to end.
Timothy Sackton: We'll do the Dyers Gill party and your party, and hopefully the meet talking to the elves. Next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome.
Mike Sackton: Sounds. Good. Okay?